They hid from the gunman in a sauna where they could sweat it out .
Wal - Mart isn't the only saving place !
Can honeybee abuse lead to a sting operation ?
A ditch digger was entrenched in his career .
She was only a Blacksmith's daughter , but she knew how to forge ahead .
86 of Borg : You will be assimilated . Would you believe , stood close to ?
Did you hear about the new pinata ? It's a huge hit .
A bank manager who was also a high jumper spent most of his time in the vault .
A discussion of digging a new mine shaft was too deep for him .
She was suspected of stealing a brooch but they couldn't pin it on her .
Once ice cream was invented the problem was licked .
Precepts teach , examples move .
Diligent youth makes easy age .
''There's room for one more ,'' Tom admitted .
They threw a party for the inventor of the toaster . And he was toasted .
If you're a gardener you might call yourself a'plant manager'.
You have two choices for dinner : Take it or Leave it .
My advanced geometry class is full of squares .
Jesus changes grave situations . Happy Easter .
I got angry when my cell phone battery died . My counselor suggested I find an outlet .
A cowboy who was also an artist could draw fast .
''Angel dust ? Me ? Never touch it !'' Tom snorted .
The fire chief was always asked burning questions .
OLD MECHANICS never die they just retire
Some diets cause a gut reaction .
If you leave alphabet soup on the stove and go out , it could spell disaster .
OLD BUNGEE JUMPERS sometimes die but they can still bounce back
The gunman took a shot at new opportunities .
My name is Sandy , I just hang around the beach .
I've struck oil ! Tom gushed .
Getting rid of your boat for another could cause a whole raft of problems .
I've met zucchini with more potential .
My name is John . I'm a plumber
''Pretend we were in the days before railways ,'' Tom coached .
Stick em up ! < BANG > Okay . . . . DON'T stick em'up !
Meaning of life : < deleted for lack of space >
What if there were no hypothetical questions ?
OLD STATISTICIANS never die , they just get broken down by age , sex and marital status .
Did you hear about the crime that happened in a parking garage ? It was wrong on so many levels .
Time is money .
Two astronauts who were dating put an end to it because they both needed their space .
A wise man changes his mind , but a fool never does .
Luggage salespeople have to make a good case for you to buy .
A kettle on the stove was singing'Home on the Range'.
Musical mechanics always sing in parts .
Hubble wanted to bring the idea into better focus .
The decision to begin construction on the Empire State Building was a groundbreaking historical event .
OLD QUILTERS never die , they just go under cover .
Discretion is the better part of valor .
When cannibals ate a missionary they got a taste of religion .
OLD GUITARISTS never die , they just fret their lives away
One evening King Arthur's men discovered Sir Lancelot's moonshine whiskey operation and shattered the still of the knight .
He stole an invention and then told patent lies .
Better to be alone than in bad company .
I made a batch of fish eye soup , it should see me through the week .
Elvis Stamps : Where will your mail be spotted next ?
It's easy to be wise after the event .
When he kicked the invoice , it didn't mean he wanted to foot the bill .
A big enough hammer can usually fix anything .
Even though the well was a mystery to her , she didn't want to get to the bottom of it .
Old math teachers never die , they just become irrational .
Careless stair dancers are heading for a heavy landing .
OLD LOGICIANS never die , they just vacate the premises .
Why do those that pay the least complain the most ?
If all appears to go well , you missed something . . .
Riker to Holodeck : " Woman , 23 , hot . "
Lawyers have to like alcohol because they're always being called to the bar .
I'll have one brain on drugs with bacon , toast and juice .
Baseball players are expected to perform well right off the bat .
Vines are extremely short - tempered . They snap at the slightest wind .
The man brought an umbrella with him into the ice cream store because he heard there was a chance of sprinkles .
OLD ACADEMICIANS never die , they just lose their faculties
Bring me a rubber band and make it snappy !
An electric company is always looking for high energy employees .
When a thief stole several volumes from the library he was quickly booked .
The inept mathematician couldn't count on his friends .
The phone call interrupted my nap , and I never did get the rest .
When potato chips don't sell fast enough , the maker knows it will soon be crunch time .
Misfortunes never come singly .
Save the whales , spouted Tom .
OLD HIKERS never die they just get the boot .
Come in for a free makeover this Sunday
Superglue ! Tom rejoined .
96 . 37 % of all statistics are useless . .
Admitting a mistake :'' Like the orthopedist's patient , I stand corrected .''
For every 45 I collected , I would write down the song and the artist so I could keep records .
''There , there ,'' was Tom's pat answer .
A contest held by fire fighters is called a'match'.
Willful waste makes woeful want .
No one chills out in the fires of hell .
A lot of trees were dying , but they needed to figure out the root of the problem .
OLD PILOTS never die , they just get more turbulent .
A guy became so good with a chainsaw that he was promoted to branch manager .
Zeal without knowledge is a runaway horse .
I'm NOT " white , " I'm " melanin - challenged . "
Don't argue with a bomb inventor - he might blow up at you .
Don’t let adversity get you down unless you are on your knees
She was only a Wrestler's daughter , but you oughtta see her box . .
OLD DOOR FRAMERS never die , they just become unhinged .
I was against the construction of tennis courts in the park as I thought they would cause too much racket .
One swallow does not make a summer .
The ignorant always adore what they cannot understand .
I'm dying , Tom croaked .
In a recession , the most secure job is garbage - man . Business is always picking up .
Suicidal dyslexic jumps behind train - film at 11
Wilbur Wright said he'd take a flier on it .
A man brought his retriever to the vet for some tests and had to pay a lab fee .
They replaced the baseball with an orange to add zest to the game .
If you operate a drill press you have a boring job .
Figure skaters don't like to be in a rut .
Garbage in , garbage out .
A thief who stole a calendar got twelve months .
OLD PRINTERS never die they're just not the type
Cross river * THEN * insult alligator .
A play , based on billiards , started right on cue .
My father slept under the bed , I think he was a little potty .
Is coffee your daily grind ?
Backup not found : ( A ) bort ( R ) etry ( P ) anic
Some people find fire drills quite Alarming .
Old math profs never die , they just can't differentiate .
A bad settlement is better than a good lawsuit .
Little by little and bit by bit .
Barking dogs seldom bite .
The inventor of glass decided to see it through .
A noun and a verb were dating but they broke up because the noun was too possessive .
Hell ! . . . I’d forgotten about that !
She was only a Pitcher's daughter , but you should have seen her curves .
A baseball player can sell himself to a new team if he has a good pitch .
Yes , you're right . Unfortunately , I don't really care .
''Use your own toothbrush !'' Tom bristled .
To err is human , to forgive is against my policy
My name is Bill . I run a collection agency
OLD BAKERS never die , they just stop making lots of dough .
Tonight's forecast : Dark , scattered light toward dawn .
The couple grew fruit trees and lived to a ripe old age .
The plumber had to quit his job because it was too much of a drain .
Finding area is an integral part of calculus .
If you sing while playing baseball , you won't get a good pitch .
OLD PINEAPPLE GROWERS never die , they just get on the dole .
Some commands given by the army are specific , others are General .
If a horse could predict the weather , it would probably say that the weather is stable .
She was only a Weatherman'' s daughter , but she sure had a warm front .
A drowning man will clutch at a straw .
OLD LOCOMOTIVE ENGINEERS , never die , they just get derailed
A doctor who became a bartender was always giving out shots !
The grass is always greener on the other side .
OLD STATISTICIANS never die , they just average out .
A little boy fired his light - colored crayons because they wouldn't show up .
With certain cashiers , things are slow to register .
OLD ELECTRICIANS never die they just lose contact .
''Perhaps I will ,'' said Tom with all his might .
The comedian stopped at the fabric store on his way to a comedy gig . He was looking for new material .
- Call me a taxi . - OK , you're a taxi .
Someone who sells old chess pieces is a pawn broker .
If you want her to show emotion , cut up her credit cards .
The model who joined the air force was a bombshell .
OLD PLUMBERS never die , they just pipe down .
Better safe than sorry .
The surgeon really did not know how to perform quick surgeries on insects , but he did one on the fly .
OLD STATISTICIANS never die , they just get mean .
We went to the owls convention and it was a real hoot .
OLD GARDENERS never die they are just deflowered .
In the air duct installers union they have lots of opportunity to vent .
He and his partner made knives , and they shared a cut .
A baseball player was a thief . He was always trying to steal .
First deserve , then desire .
The fault line had a splitting headache .
You're so vain / I bet you think this tagline's about you
OLD DIVERS never die , they just flop .
For a while , Houdini used a lot of trap doors in his act , but he was just going through a stage .
You know the tree by its fruit .
OLD MINERS never die , they just lose their veins .
Animals are slaughtered for meat at a tender age .
''I make the armour out of chain links ,'' Tom replied by mail .
He became an astronaut and had a blast .
A perfect woman is one that is inflated to 40 psi .
A janitor with a broom in hand swept her off her feet .
I couldn't figure out how to fasten my seatbelt . Then it clicked .
OLD PHOTOGRAPHERS never die , they just lose their focus .
Ne'er cast a clout till May be out .
The trapeze artist had to buy his own safety equipment . Every Friday he drew his net wages .
Do not think that one enemy is insignificant , or that a thousand friends are too many .
Dentists on death fill their last cavity .
I'd love to , but my bathroom tiles need grouting .
Math class is full of drama . There are so many problems to work out .
Her exam was on the human skeleton , so she decided to bone up .
Once the pin is pulled , Mr . Grenade is no longer a friend . . .
The first duck wouldn't go in the water . The other duck said'' What are you , chicken ?'' .
To golf at your favorite course may require a long drive .
Any key will commence hard drive format . Continue ( y / n ) ?
OLD TRIGONOMETRY TEACHERS never die , they just lose their identities .
I'm not afraid of flying , I'm afraid of crashing .
She was only a Catcher's daughter , but she had many balls bounce off her chin .
Money talks .
Jesus did the only extreme world makeover , the flood
I took up teaching fencing as I wanted my students to get the point .
Sign on an electrician's truck : Let us remove your shorts .
I like marching songs , in any month .
''I couldn't believe there were 527 , 986 bees in the swarm !'' Tom recounted .
" I'm sick ! I ought to be home in bed with a nurse . "
Our Boy Scouts'knot - tying class went off without a hitch .
I used to have a fear of hurdles , but I got over it .
A group called the Balloons sings pop music .
''I have to check the score on this exam again ,'' Tom remarked .
The dogs bark but the caravan passes on .
She was only a Gardener's daughter , but she knows all the rakes .
A locksmith has to have a good Combination of skills .
The teacher asked a question and the students were all up in arms .
She was only a Real estate agent'' s daughter , but she gave a lot away .
If you can't make it good , make it expensive .
Little strokes fell great oaks .
Faint heart never won fair lady .
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity .
When you're wearing a watch on an airplane , time flies .
It's better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all .
A man's home is his castle .
The mathematician worked at home because he only functioned in his domain .
I couldn't stand to be without my legs .
Old bakers never die , they just keep making lots of dough .
In equations with square numbers I can never find the root of the problem .
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off ? He's all right now .
Airline pilots make many friends in high places .
OLD MOONSHINERS never die , they just keep still .
His business plan to manufacture scissors just didn't cut it .
The carpenter was well - known for nailing his work .
Salespeople selling security equipment like to see people get alarmed .
She was only a Globetrotter's daughter , but she manages to get around .
We’ve got children’s church because we know how to kid around
What it boils down to is this : eggs taste good .
My name is Chuck , I'm a butcher .
The pope , on his 2008 tour in the United States , skipped Mass .
I'll have what the gentleman on the floor is having .
There was a massive outcry against the plan to build a power line across a nature preserve . The public couldn't bear the tension .
A tailor sometimes decides to suit himself .
A woman who became queen considered it her crowning achievement .
Even though Catholics in space are weightless , do they have mass ?
OLD PILOTS never die , they just buzz off .
Convicts are committed people .
sophisticated , adj . deprived of its native simplicity .
My name is Emmy , I'm a T . V . star
The Procrastinators Anonymous meeting has been delayed until next Wednesday
Take care of the pennies and the pounds will take care of themselves .
A new type of broom came out , it is sweeping the nation .
Behind every great computer lies . . . a mess of wires !
OLD TREE SURGEONS never die , they are just uprooted .
Pills with long names can be quite a mouthful .
My name is Brooks . I'm an irrrigation consultant
In zen skiing , you learn to become one with the snow .
Missing the wood for the trees .
A lingerie thief gave a police officer the slip .
We'll never run out of math teachers because they always multiply .
The more you stroke the cat's tail , the more he raises his back .
Are you a Klingon , or is that a turtle on your head ?
The race dogs got a bad case of the fleas - they had to be scratched .
A lawyer asked his dentist to give him a retainer .
My name is Wade and I'm in swimming pool maintenance .
Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned .
An astronaut who fails on a weightlessness experiment must be aware of the gravity of the situation .
The weatherman who forecasted snow in July was a bit of a flake .
Two brothers collaborated on haunted stories , but one was a ghost writer .
They built a tree house together but then had a falling out .
I'm a sap for tree jokes .
Eschew Obfuscation !
Monday is a hard way to spend 1 / 7 of your life .
OLD COWBOYS never die , they just get the boot .
Cowboys in a rodeo can be sure to get a few bucks .
OLD PRINCIPALS never die they just lose their faculties .
Never lie to an x - ray technician . They can see right through you .
He bought a rope factory to tie into his empire .
He took a nail to the volleyball game because he wanted to spike it .
There's no fool like an old fool .
Pharmacists find their work to be very encapsulating .
OLD KEY PUNCH OPERATORS never die they just punch out .
A basketball player couldn't control his saliva but he could sure dribble .
STICK \'stik \ n . 1 : A somewhat nonfunctional boomerang .
If you work in a forestry company you will probably have to log your time .
OLD GOLFERS never die they just putter away .
A job circumcising elephants isn't so bad . The base salary is small but the tips are big .
A man giving a speech by candle - light can wax eloquent .
Working hard to become roadkill on the Infobahn .
I never have understood how you're supposed to hit anything with a bat . . . . . it keeps flying away .
''How long will I have to wait for a table ?'' asked Tom without reservation .
The designer wondered why his pirate room wasn't perfect , and the judge told him he went a little overboard .
''Consult an investment broker ,'' was Tom's stock answer .
If there's one person you don't want to interrupt in the middle of a sentence it's a judge .
Rabbits like their beer brewed with a lot of hops .
My name is Sly . I'm a detective .
Some people really enjoy blowing air out of their lungs - I'm not a fan myself .
An old spice wholesaler is a seasoned veteran .
All women are automatically born with a shopping disorder
Talk of the devil and he's sure to appear .
If an animal looses its tail it should shop at a retail store .
If you go for a job interview at a rubber stamp company try to make a good impression .
OLD BLASTING TECHNICIANS never die , they just lose their spark .
Love me tender / love me sweet / push me out at 12 , 000 ft
Studying fungus is a way to mold young minds .
" Graphic Artist seeks Boss with vision impairment . "
A mechanic who was also a musician was good at tuning things .
More haste , less speed .
A gambling gardener usually hedges his bets .
I watched a movie about a baby hen , it was a real chick flick .
Copper wire was invented by lawyers arguing over a penny .
How does a card player party ? They shuffle .
I noticed that the sun was out , and nobody had bothered to relight it .
If a town's people have low IQs is the population dense ?
I was talking during sex and my girlfriend hung up .
You are an example of why some animals eat their young .
Doctor , Doctor , you've got to help me . I think I'm a kleptomaniac . - Don't worry . I think there's something you can take for that . Next .
Practice makes perfect .
She was only a Fruit vender's daughter , but , oh , what a peach .
Cometh the hour cometh the man .
The Bagginses , they steals our taglines , precioussss . . . .
Old math profs never die - - they just use strange expressions .
and that , my leige , is how we know the Earth to be banana - shaped . . .
A boating accident between the yacht , Red Dawn , and the schooner , Blue Lagoon , left the survivors marooned .
Junior loved being a member of the wrestling team even though he was prone to lose .
The waiter was shocked when I asked for my salad to be served naked . I explained , no dressing please .
I suspected our new house guest was a terrorist . He asked to sleep on a blow up mattress .
Trophy shops often will give customers floss with their purchase to eliminate plaque problems .
Scientists have created a flea from scratch .
Seek water in the sea .
OLD BOTANISTS never die , they're just deflowered .
The plot to his story of the pond was quite shallow .
If you sight a whale , it could be a fluke .
A person who would make a banking joke is of no account .
Lose nothing for want of asking .
He bought a plate with four corners so he could have a square meal .
''I didn't look at all !'' Tom peeped .
My name is Melody . A Musician
Two companies that made shoelaces had common ties .
The younger brother the better gentleman .
New religion ? I haven't used up the old one , yet !
Why is the word abbreviation so long ?
Why was the car embarrassed ? Because it had gas !
God works in mysterious ways .
An egotist is a person who is more interested in himself than in me .
Three can keep a secret , if two of them are dead .
I was arrested after my therapist suggested I take something for my kleptomania .
Doctor , Doctor , my hair is coming out . What can you give me to keep it in ? - A cigar box . Next .
Once a thief always a thief .
OLD FLORISTS never die , they just make alternative arrangements .
When entering a funeral home , remember to stay alert and always look alive !
Loose lips sink ships .
Taxidermists really know their stuff .
Two blackberries met . They were both in a jam .
Two surgeons were joking about sutures and had each other in stitches .
Behind every man , there's a woman with nothing to wear .
My boyfriend and I started to date after he backed his car into mine . We met by accident .
Some burglars are always looking for windows of opportunity .
OLD PILOTS never die they just go to a higher plane .
Beer : So much more than a breakfast drink .
I am not 40 , I'm 18 with 22 years experience
Dry cleaners are often pressed for time .
Cousteau was submerged in his work .
I went to the store to buy some soup but they were out of stock .
Sports are refereed by people of many stripes .
My new expensive vacuum cleaner really sucked .
A restaurant owner gave his cooks a stirring speech .
I travel all over America , Tom stated .
OLD PYROMANIACS never die , they just lose their spark
The Easter story is not a dead issue .
Be true to your teeth , or they will be false to you .
Don’t let your footprints in the sands of time be the mark of a heel
Five brothers wanted to buy a horse , so they all had to pony up .
He couldn't decide whether to accept a job in mattress sales so he decided to sleep on it .
When the plums dry on your tree , it's time to prune .
If you get sick at the airport it could be a terminal illness .
The dentist's favourite shopping centre was'The Gap'.
Before he was hired as a short order cook they grilled him .
( a ) Fast , ( b ) Reliable , ( c ) Inexpensive - Pick Two .
Business at the candle factory tapered off after the holidays .
Take all things as they come and be content .
The golfer guessed that his ball landed 20 feet off the fairway . Of course , that was just a rough estimate .
Pencil sharpeners have a tough life - they live off tips .
Two referees went head to head because they had a score to settle .
There is no time like the present .
There is danger in delay .
A circus lion won't eat clowns because they taste funny .
Procrastination Day Has Been Postponed !
In an office : Would the person who took the step ladder yesterday kindly bring it back or further steps will be taken .
OLD GOLFERS never die , they just lose their drive .
When it was lumpy he had a beef with his gravy .
A pop singer bought a new house for a song .
There are as good fish in the sea as ever were caught .
50 percent of something is better than one hundred percent of nothing .
Two florists got married . It was an arranged marriage .
OLD GEOMETRY TEACHERS never die , they just go off on a tangent .
The photograph that I took of the sandstorm turned out grainy .
The owner of the hair salon had to make cuts on his staff .
One palm tree said to another'let's have a date . '
It's a fact , taller people sleep longer in bed .
Nobel got a big bang out of it .
Those working in tissue research and testing are always blowing it .
For the office drunk : He generally found him loaded with work to do .
Doctor , Doctor , what would you take for this cold ? - Make me an offer . Next .
An undertaker can be one of your best friends , he is always the last one to let you down .
Labor Day is a good time to stop and reflect on the august events the the preceding month .
The show must go on .
Two pencils decided to have a race . The outcome was a draw .
''Waiter , there's a fly in my soup !'''' Force of habit , sir , the chef used to be a tailor .
You know what happens after you miss math class ? It starts adding up .
I crossed a cell phone with a skunk , and now the service stinks .
I hear the Sylvester Stallone Film Festival got off to a rocky start .
I wanted to bring a penguin home but my parents said that wasn't going to fly .
He collects mouthwash bottles , and they're all in mint condition .
Early nuclear experimenters discovered an element of surprise .
Multitasking = screwing up several things at once .
After Junior swallowed the watch he had to wait to pass the time .
OLD AUTO MECHANICS never die , they just become exhausted .
If all goes well , you've overlooked something !
Two companies that manufactured rulers decided to align .
Waiter , there are pennies in my soup !'' Well , sir , you said you'd stop eating here if there wasn't some change in the food .'' *
Hope for the best , but prepare for the worst .
I tried to pack myself in a suitcase . I could hardly contain myself .
My name is Leo . A lion trainer .
The river crested when a factory spilled toothpaste into it .
When video arcades switched to a system of tokens , there was no quarter asked or given .
The Alpine Skiing competition started poorly and went downhill from there .
Deep calls to deep .
A young man married is a young man marred .
A gardening store owner who often called long distance for importing realized that talk and dirt aren't necessarily cheap .
If you wear a blindfold at the shooting range , you won't know what you're missing .
When a letter carrier became a hero they called him a deliverer .
''I've run out of wool ,'' said Tom , knitting his brow .
Lunatic asylum : where optimism most flourishes .
Librarians are always going by the book .
Cross the stream where it is shallowest .
The prospector didn't think his career would pan out .
To write with a broken pencil is pointless .
The ice at the rink has many ruts . I think the maintenance crew is slipping up .
There was a contest on a slippery rock slope . I won in a landslide .
Doctor , doctor , I keep thinking I'm a deck of cards . - I'll deal with you later . Next !
OLD FARMERS never die , they just turn into vegetables .
When a priest makes a mistake in church it's a clerical error .
. . . So simple a child could do it ? Go find me a child !
What you sow is what you reap .
In the old days a suspended sentence was hanging .
The first time I got hold of a hang glider I had to wing it .
Curiosity killed the cat .
The coffee tasted like mud because it was ground a couple of minutes ago .
OLD DEANS never die they just lose their faculties .
Show me a baker who is on a roll and I'll show you someone sitting on a bun .
OLD ELECTRICIANS never die , they just lose their potential .
Success comes in cans , failure comes in cant’s
The spirit is willing but the flesh is weak .
She was only a Junkie's daughter but her crack was the best in town .
I know road rage is an awful thing but when someone bumped my car I just couldn't help it . I got out my camera and snapped at the offender .
The worth of a thing is what it will bring .
She was only a Cattleman's daughter , but she couldn't keep her calves together .
Dogs wags their tails , not as much to you as to your bread .
I tried hard to get into vexillology , but , in the end , had to flag it away .
An archaeologist's career ended in ruins .
Any given program , once running , is obsolete .
OLD PRESIDENTS never die , they just go through their cabinets
Who has not served cannot command .
SYSOP \'sis äp \ n : the person laughing as you type
I've spotted more blackbirds than you have , Tom crowed .
OLD TYPISTS never die , they just lose their justification .
No longer foster , no longer friend .
Don't lend people money . It causes amnesia .
That government is best which governs least .
I'll glue the sheets of wood back together , Tom replied .
Old lumberjacks never die , they just pine away .
Early stone tools had many problems that were eventually ironed out .
Empty vessels make the most sound .
To test a man's character , give him power .
He was facinated by his new welding job . It was riveting .
Bridge tolls have increased significantly over a 5 year span .
Nothing is so smiple that it can't get screwed up .
Those who polish cars so that they shine work in a buffer zone .
One rotten apple will spoil the whole barrel .
None of you exist . The sysop types it all in . . .
Did you see guys that Bob the ventriloquist hangs out with ? They're nothing special , just a bunch of dummies .
One secret of success is to know how to deny yourself and other people .
One scabbed sheep mars the whole flock .
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool , than to open your mouth and remove all doubt .
Today is a good day for you to jump in a lake .
We were so poor when I was growing up we couldn't even afford to pay attention .
When you give to god , you always get back change
I'm not paranoid ! Which of my enemies told you this ?
I was going to buy some loose tea , but the price was too steep .
The sergeant drank whiskey in order to be fortified in his position .
OLD COUPON CLIPPERS never die , they just expire .
Oh sure ! But what's the speed of dark ?
She was only a Electrician's daughter , but she certainly had good connections .
The harm caused by sibling rivalry is relative .
When the woman got paid for being in a study at the sleep clinic , she said it was her dream job .
A carpenter sat on his drill and was bored to tears .
A civil question deserves a civil answer .
A library should have several floors because it is a multi story building .
We don’t read palms ; we wave them .
Once a drunkard always a drunkard .
Two cooks disagreed but decided to hash it over .
Hire teenagers while they still know everything .
The tongue weighs very little , but few people can hold it .
She's a composer who has scores of works to her credit .
When he fell in the wet concrete he left a bad impression .
My name is Herb . I'm a cook .
Who lives by hope will die of hunger .
There was a report of shots fired in a local bar . The police don't know what triggered the commotion .
Take things as you find them .
A goat that ate office supplies was on a staple diet .
When the wino suspected his muscatel was watered down , he needed more proof .
The bargain store promised a free abacus with every purchase , but I wouldn't count on it .
Illusionists always find themselves in tricky situations .
The orange squeezer was invented with some juicy information .
The first chapter of fools is to think themselves wise .
OLD NITPICKERS never die , they just feel lousy .
Comedians , the biggest joke going .
I'm ! A ! Graduate ! Of ! The ! Bill ! Shatner ! Acting ! School !
Why didn't the little boy ask the flight attendant for a snack ? He didn't have the nuts .
Why did the agricultural presentation go so smoothly ? They planted questions .
I couldn't quite remember how to throw a boomerang , but eventually it came back to me .
OLD FORGERS never die , they just leave no trace .
Speed doesn't kill . Stopping very fast kills .
When buying a battery you should never have to charge it .
If you want a thing done right , do it yourself .
Hey , is this yours ? Your dog left it on my lawn . . .
Fretting cares make grey hairs .
OLD WRESTLERS never die they just lose their grip .
" Bother , " said Pooh , as he torched the forest . . . . .
In the office she was frantically looking for her false nails only to discover she had filed them away .
He is my friend who grinds at my mill .
OLD TEACHERS never die they just lose their class .
Gunpowder was invented in a flash .
The frog went unnoticed in the milkshake because it blended so well .
Sign in an electrician's shop :'We will refuse you . '
Do not add oil to the fire .
Low carb diets really go against the grain .
Laugh and the world laughs with you , cry and you cry alone .
A wig van blew up on the motorway - police are combing the area .
Vegetarian : Indian word for lousy hunter ! ! !
Don't kill the goose that lays the golden eggs .
My name is Sandy . I'm a lifeguard .
He had a difficult time bouncing back from his bungee cord accident .
If ignorance is bliss , why aren't there more happy folks ?
Love is blind .
A tattle tale pig is a squealer .
SHIN : A device for finding furniture in the dark
Bike sales go in cycles .
Like father , like son .
A waiter who played tennis was great at serving .
An old professor who was never on time died and was called the late professor Brown .
Two cooks had a contest and the heat was on .
When cave men got together they formed clubs .
My friend was fired from his job at the road department for stealing . I have to say I saw it coming . The last time I was at his house all the signs were there .
My skiing skills are really going downhill .
Doctor , doctor , I keep thinking I'm a spoon . - Sit there and don't stir . Next .
Baseball is known for its pitched battles .
Reassembling the skeletons of prehistoric mammals can be a mammoth undertaking .
Life's essentials : H O C N Ca P Cl K S Na Mg
Math teachers have lots of problems .
Graveyard workers really dig their jobs .
I'm blind enough to look at the situation in the wrong fashion , so I changed my clothes .
Before he sold Christmas trees , he got himself spruced up .
OLD SOCCER PLAYERS never die , they just lose their kick .
Golfers hate cake because they might get a slice .
Her decision to take up rock climbing was precipitous to say the least .
My name is Ray . I'm a roentgenologist .
He gives twice who gives in a trice .
A truly wise man never plays leapfrog with a unicorn .
There is no smoke without fire .
If pride goes before a fall , humility should arrive by that winter
Put a beggar on horseback and he'll ride it to death .
The psychiatrist told the genie his emotions were all bottled up .
After they had it out in the boxing ring , they called it square .
Send $ 20 and I will double your IQ or no money back
He who lends to the poor gets interest from god
Power corrupts , especially at the electric company .
OLD PSYCHIATRISTS never die , they just shrink away .
A politician with a bad back needs lots of support .
She had two different jobs as a chef which gave her a full plate .
OLD MAGICIANS never die they just disappear .
Conjoined twins aren't the only twins with special connections .
The two guys caught drinking battery acid will soon be charged .
OLD SHOEMAKERS never die , they are just given the boot .
The first step to health is to know that we are sick .
The exhibitionist went to the store because he heard they were having a flash sale .
A baseball player joined the army and did the round of military bases .
If word processing a presentation about guns - - be sure to know how to use bullets .
OLD METEOROLOGISTS never die , they just get under the weather .
A case of disappearing bison had police completely buffaloed .
Ultimate office automation : networked coffee machines .
Any golfer will tell you the gospel truth . Your next shot always depends on the lie .
A rolling stone gathers no moss .
A tatoo artist has designs on his clients .
Dentists practice by going through many drills .
OLD PICKPOCKETS never die , they just steal away .
Curiosity didn't kill the cat . I got'im with the mower !
A little boy called his father who made balloons'pop'.
The stock market crashes , but Viagra beats the flop .
Plagiarism is the sincerest form of flattery .
Three fingers were willing to cooperate but the thumb and forefinger were opposed .
Those who build roofs are so inclined .
A skier who makes it to the olympics finds that it is all downhill from there .
When the human cannonball retired they couldn't find a replacement of the right caliber .
A horse is a very stable animal .
OLD ESKIMOS never die , they just go cold .
You really are addicted to soccer , you should think of kicking the habit .
She was only a Magistrates daughter , but she knew what to do on the bench .
What happens when you get scared half to death . . . . . twice ?
The first fish to gather in schools was the grouper .
Put your money where your mouth is .
I wanted to lose weight so I went to the paint store . I heard I could get thinner there .
If all your troubles are melting away watch out for the floods .
Justice delayed is justice denied .
What's good for the goose is good for the gander .
OLD PLAGIARISTS never die , they just steal away .
I used to be addicted to soap , but I'm clean now .
Profanity , the language of computer professionals
If I want your opinion I'll beat it out of you !
Some cardiologists are heartless .
All good things must come to an end .
I went to buy some property with a hill on it , but it was a little steep .
I find that movies about submarines always go down well .
If it's obvious , it's obviously wrong .
" WHO CARES where Carmen Sandiego is ? "
" She's dead , Jim . Still warm , though . Flip ya for her ? "
A racer who was also a golfer really knew how to drive .
If you invite an insomniac to your pajama party they will be up for it .
Army dentists make a good drill corps .
Dermatologists often make rash statements .
My name is Bet . I'm a coupier .
A young sailor thought all of the waves were just swell .
OLD PROGRAMMERS never die they just go to bits .
Give and you might receive . Take and be sure of it .
Backups are usually a good thing unless it's a sewer .
The Vikings landed during thunder and lightning and took the city by storm .
OLD BREAD MEN never die , they just lose their dough .
Seafood operations start out on a small scale .
Civil servants named Grant are known as government grants .
Here , you go first , you're immune to bullets .
I wish Noah had swatted those two mosquitoes . . . . .
We should not expect to find old heads on young shoulders .
I might study something at a university that someone once told me about - there is a degree of ambiguity there .
When ancient wall sculptors were finished it was a relief .
The hot dog vendor answered , with a tone quite frank .
OLD MATH PROFESSORS never die , they just use strange expressions .
When all is said and done , more is said then done .
OLD SEWAGE WORKERS never die they just waste away .
A half truth is a whole lie .
The thief had a bold plan . He figured he could carry it off .
How do they get Teflon to stick to the pans ?
OLD SEERS never die they just lose their vision .
Where God has a church the devil will have his chapel .
Everyday is a gift from god , that is why it is called the present
A low yield atomic bomb is like being a bit pregnant .
There’s no high like the most high .
OLD LAUNDRY WORKERS never die , they just are decreased .
She was only a Moonshiner's daughter , but I love her still .
God cures and the physician takes the fee .
A cynic smells flowers and looks for the casket .
It takes all sorts of people to make a world .
OLD UNIVERSITY PRESIDENTS never die , they just lose their faculties
I was going to buy a book on phobias , but I was afraid it wouldn't help me .
The aluminum foiled my plans .
She was only a Waitress's daughter but she sure could dish it out .
The hypnotist went out of business because he ran out of suggestions .
For class schedules Yoga instructors are flexible .
Hockey players are terrible chess players because they are always getting checked .
I do a lot of spreadsheets in the office so you can say I'm excelling at work .
He bent over to pick up a sieve and strained himself .
When they told him that his drum couldn't be fixed , it didn't resonate very well .
A fisherman tried boxing , but he only threw hooks .
Federal Law prohibits the removal of this tagline
Winning candy as a prize is always a sweet victory .
During his lifetime , the composer Bach was a noted success .
OLD POKER PLAYERS never die , they are just discarded .
Press any key to continue . . Any other key to format hard drive .
''I can take photographs if I want to !'' Tom snapped .
Lightning storms can be very striking .
Our bikinis are exciting . They are simply the tops .
High on a ladder he saw a beautiful girl below . He fell for her .
When underwear fell in the vat at a beer - makers , a scandal was brewing .
Pencils could be made with erasers at both ends , but what would be the point ?
Old burglars never die they just steal away .
Lumberjacks have to keep problem logs .
My name is Grant , I am a loan officer .
Midwives don't like to wear breeches .
She was only a Farmer's daughter , but she knew hundreds of ways to fertilize .
Molecules boiling points vary to some degree .
A girl a day keeps the wife away .
Suicidal twin kills sister by mistake . . . news at 11 !
My name is Joe , an espresso vender
Haste makes waste .
Two friends took ropes to school so that they could skip out .
Many people need to learn to be happy with the State they are in .
Pipe fitters often have high pressure jobs .
''I told you not to ride that horse ,'' Tom nagged .
Coaches usually have a goal in mind .
The meat truck took a long time to deliver because of the Jerky ride .
Suicide at sea is definitely going overboard .
An exterminator in Idaho announced that he invented a new spray , one application of which will remain effective for a full season .'' Of course ,'' he warned .'' I've still got a few bugs to iron out .''
Swimmers have to be careful not to get into deep trouble .
OLD RAILROADERS never die , they just derail .
Time flies .
The invention of a shirt fastener after the button was a snap .
Life after death for evil doers has always been a hot topic .
The man who impulsively got a cat despite his allergies later realized that it was a rash decision .
OLD CARD PLAYERS never die , they just fold .
She was only a Fruit vendor's daughter , but , my , she had big melons .
Walk softly , carry a big stick .
Boyle said he was under too much pressure .
The color of the sun in the early morning : rose .
Driving on so many turnpikes was taking its toll .
Fool me once , shame on you . Fool me twice , shame on me .
A ham walked out of the hospital and said'' I'm cured'' .
If you're looking for oranges on an apple tree you will have a fruitless search .
First come , first served .
In high school I recall having a beautiful but difficult math teacher . She was easy on the eyes and hard on the pupils !
Those with scissors shouldn't use cutting words .
What's the deal with negotiations ?
The family elders have relative importance .
A skier who loses a race on a cold day will have a frosty disposition .
OLD PROGRAMMERS never die , they just get bugged with life .
Christians , keep the faith . . . but not from others !
Those who get up at sunrise have many ideas dawn on them .
An experienced waiter can give a lot of good tips .
Someone who gossips to you will gossip about you .
A little greed can get you lots of stuff
Every man thinks his own geese swans .
Money is the Root of All Evil . For more info , send $ 10 .
''This must be an aerobics class ,'' Tom worked out .
Don't go between the tree and the bark .
Mind your P's and Q's .
The most popular operation for orthopaedic surgeons is upper - leg surgery : very hip .
Actors are cast through their good and bad stages .
Food for bad dogs is bought by the pound .
My son wanted a scooter . When I told him they are too dangerous , he moped around the house .
Spare the rod , spoil the child .
OLD MATHEMATICIANS never die , they just go off on a tangent
A thief fell and broke his leg in wet cement . He became a hardened criminal .
A career is a job that takes about 20 more hours a week .
Strip mining prevents forest fires .
De Broglie waved aside the invitation .
In parking lots , arguments often start from scratch .
Some shoe sales have a good selection to boot .
When the town removed billboards , they told people that's how it was designed .
Good eating deserves good drinking .
An army officer is a position that some people shoot for .
The electrician got his supplies at the outlet store .
The lumber company downsized . They got rid of the deadwood .
You can't have your cake and eat it too .
Waiter , there's a fly in my soup !'' I know . It gives you a nice buzz doesn't it ?''
Tailors enjoy hanging out in internet fora , as they are full of threads .
Always remember you're unique - just like everyone else .
If you make yourself into a doormat , people will wipe their feet on you .
Priests can't marry without prior approval .
Old artists never die , they just put things in perspective .
Don't put all your eggs in one basket .
Go away , you snake ! Tom rattled off .
Whom God will destroy , he first make mad .
I never understood why people liked to play soft ball . It's a very underhanded thing to do .
Tom was so tired , he lied about his bed .
Home sweet home .
She was only an Artist's daughter , but what a crowd she could draw .
The pen is mightier than the sword .
OLD KENTUCKY FRIED CHICKEN FRANCHISERS never die , they just chicken out .
OLD PILOTS never die they just take off .
My name is Marshall . I'm a peace officier .
Goose , gander and gosling are three sounds but one thing .
Astronomers often have their own private viewpoints .
OLD CRICKETERS never die , they just get bowled over .
Smaller babies may be delivered by stork but the heavier ones need a crane .
A farmer with a rip in his clothes has an overall problem .
She was only a Dairyman's daughter , but what a calf
Doctor , Doctor , this ointment you gave me makes my arm smart . . - Then rub some on your head ? Next .
It's quiet in a bowling alley because you can hear a pin drop .
I just got back from a statistical probability conference . It was average .
OLD HIPPIES never die , they just take a trip .
I finally found a spotter at the gym , it's like a huge weight has been lifted off my shoulders .
If you trust before you try , you may repent before you die .
Tit for tat .
Shepherds sometimes have staff meetings .
After having a knee dislocated and an elbow fractured in two barroom brawls Bradley should have learned to stay away from those joints .
War is too important to be left to the generals .
No one knows where the shoe pinches , but he who wears it .
OLD AIR CONDITIONER REPAIRMEN never die , they just lose their cool .
To be a successful frequent flier you need a lot of connections .
What do they call all that lumber on the Star Trek's Enterprise ? Captain's log .
" Ummm , trouble with grammar have I ? Yes ! " - - Yoda
PRESS To test . < click > RELEASE to detonate .
After Gus gave his girlfriend a 3 dollar box of chocolates for her birthday he got nothing but snickers .
I'll hear it from the horse's mouth .
Did you hear about the bivalve they called in to interrogate for that big murder investigation ? Apparently , he's clammed up .
Don't make clothes for a not yet born baby .
At a conference , I unexpectedly encountered the wife of a former client , whom I hadn't seen in 20 or more years .'' You haven't changed !'' she exclaimed .'' There's plenty of time for that ,'' I replied .'' The dinner isn't until this evening .''
Changing a tire on that crazy Houston freeway was a wrenching experience .
Two podiatrists became arch rivals .
A husband and wife argued over the weather , but it soon blew over .
I needed a raise in my allowance . Mowing the grass all summer just wasn't cutting it .
I think Santa has riverfront property in Brazil . All our presents came from Amazon this year .
Husbands are like fires . They go out when unattended .
Success is just a matter of luck . Ask any failure .
Counsel is no command .
A manufacturer that made lamps gave their employees a light workload .
The boughs that bear most hang lowest .
A jerk present in a group indicates a jerk in charge .
If towels could tell jokes they would probably have a dry sense of humor .
An office with many people and few electrical outlets could be in for a power struggle .
A man's best fortune or his worst is a wife .
Vinyl records are really groovy .
If anything can go wrong , it will .
Before a plumber retired , he took the final plunge .
Firefighters can rescue you , but only Jesus saves .
Faraday was charged up with the idea .
An unusual medical book is one which has no appendix .
A tire store loves a chance to Roll out a new product .
If Version 1 . 0 works someone goofed . . .
If you break a string on your guitar don't Fret .
After he bought his two - year - old a felt pen , he was a marked man .
OLD CARTOONISTS never die , they just draw their last breath .
The best place for criticism is in front of your mirror .
The plums for sale dried out , so the profits were pruned .
When a duck is feeling down he might just be happy .
A picture is worth a thousand words .
This is the best guy I've met to date .
Half a loaf is better than no bread .
Waiter , I'll have my bill now . - How did you find your steak , sir ? - Oh , I just moved the potato and there it was .
Elephants will toil all day , and they work for peanuts .
OLD AUDITORS never die , they just lose their figures .
Iron sharpens iron .
A new broome sweepeth cleane .
Take my advice , I don't use it anyway .
The other day I saw a magician walk down the street and turn into a drugstore .
You can catch more flies with a drop of honey than with a barrel of vinegar .
The world is your oyster .
The racers all had shorts on that were too small for them , so it was a tight race .
She was only a Convict's daughter , but she sure knew all of the bars .
Better late than never .
Life is a game . Money is how we keep score .
Why did CNN cancel that cool " Desert Storm " show ?
Some clockmakers are normal , but others are a little cuckoo .
They called him the king of the dentists because he specialized in crowns .
A man stole a case of soap from the corner store . The police said he made a clean getaway .
News of a coming flood was leaked .
The voice of the people is the voice of god .
She became a telephone operator because it was her calling .
Keyboard not connected . Think F1 to continue .
If you snooze you lose .
The politician is not one for Indian food . But he's good at currying favors .
You can't see the wood for the trees .
If you are what you eat , I'm staying away from the nuts !
My name is Clay . I make pottery .
One of these new shoes isn't right .
Don't judge a book by its cover .
Doctor , Doctor , I can't get to sleep . - Sit on the edge of the bed and you'll soon drop off . Next .
I went to the dentist without lunch , and he gave me a plate .
Truth is stranger than fiction .
To our sweethearts and wives . May they never meet !
OLD JANITORS never die they just get swept up .
The massage which came with the spa treatment was a nice touch .
OLD SHOE SHINE BOYS never die , they are just rebuffed . .
Here is how the track meet is going to run . . .
How do I handle change ? I put it in the parking meter .
I've never taken an elevator to the basement floor , that's just beneath me .
I've never killed a deer before but I'll take a shot at it .
Hands in Prayer : Already Digital
Life imitates art .
Diabetics should not be allowed to have sweet dreams .
I'm going to the guillotine at dawn and my wife has already collected my severance pay .
After 5 years with the same chiropractor , I moved and had to change doctors . It was quite an adjustment .
We're expecting fallout from the recent layoffs at the nuclear plant .
A scientist doing a large experiment with liquid chemicals was trying to solve a problem when he fell in and became part of the solution .
It's the Borg ! ! Quick , everyone try to look useless !
I got a great bargain the other day when I bought a forklift for half - price . It's amazing what you can pick up these days .
Professionals built the Titanic , amateurs built the ark .
''I just came in through the door ,'' said Tom , entranced .
If the shoe fits , wear it .
Dutch shoes used to be made in a factory machine , until it got clogged up .
The inventor of a hay baling machine made a bundle .
Even if you're on the right track , you'll get run over if you just sit there .
When the investor came home from work he was spent .
We are born crying , live complaining , die disappointed
Courage lost , all lost .
Old electricians never die , they just keep plugging away .
OLD GARDENERS never die , they just get uprooted .
The science teachers broke up because there was no chemistry between them .
Resist everything but temptation .
Eavesdroppers hear no good of themselves .
How do you find a missing train ? Follow the tracks .
My name is Brandy . The bartender .
It ain't over till it's over .
My name is Ham . I raise pigs
Ohm resisted the idea at first .
The personal trainer quit his job because it wasn't working out .
A man of words and not of deeds , is like a garden full of weeds .
The math professor went crazy with the blackboard . He did a number on it .
Madame :'' Now remember , girls , when handling royalty the important thing is to keep up your dukes !''
Do you ever get tired of sleeping ?
I was in a big hurry so I scrambled to make eggs for breakfast .
There is no royal road to learning .
People who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones .
Bathroom scale : Something you stand on and swear at .
I had some back trouble , but it's all behind me now .
Daddy , how come my magnet won't pick up these disks ?
Just after thimbles were invented there was a shortage , so many people got stuck without one .
Badminton players are for the birds .
Gotta run . . . the cat's caught in the printer again !
The untruthful deli clerk was full of baloney .
When neon lights were perfected the inventor was positively glowing .
My name is Sue . I'm also a lawyer .
The manufacturers of dynamite do a booming business .
In the house of the hanged man , mention not the rope .
He who does not advance goes backwards .
Gardeners like to plant their feet firmly .
One grasshopper told another about eating corn . It went in one ear and out the other .
Did you hear about the guy who planted bullets ? He wanted to see a lot of little shoots .
Call me if you need my phone number !
Pompous male bees are often known to drone on about themselves .
The parsley farmer couldn't pay his child support , so the courts garnished his wages .
She started a new courier business for an express purpose .
She always paints night scenes . Other artists pale by comparison .
Some people like raw meat on rare occasions .
To a person who is attentive to minutiae :'' You're certainly observant , even if you're not religious .''
An Electrician's work is well grounded .
When he found out that he would visit a real blacksmith he got all fired up .
The scorpion said to the desert ,'You know , our conversations are always so dry . '
Measure twice , cut once .
An argument at the Bomb Squad convention ended in a blowup .
What you see is what you get .
After a day of changing her triplet's diapers , the new mother was feeling rather pooped .
You've got more issues than Time magazine .
Saw makers losing money have to make lots of cuts .
When longshoremen show up late for work they get docked .
OLD EXORCISTS never die , they just get repossessed .
Lead me not into temptation , I can find my own way
Doctor , doctor , I think I'm a bridge . - What's come over you ? - Two cars , a truck and a coach .
She was only a Electrician's daughter , but she went haywire .
People tell me I'm indecisive . Am I ? I'm not sure .
Don't be sexist ! Chicks hate that .
And on the seventh day , He took an aspirin .
Brag is a good dog , but holdfast is better .
OLD MEDIUMS never die , they just lose their spirits .
There is no little enemy .
This just in : Research causes cancer in rats !
I used to be afraid of purchasing residential property for the purpose of renting , but now I have an apartment complex .
OLD LUMBERJACKS never die , they just split .
Martians welcome . We have space for everyone .
It's not that the man did not know how to juggle , he just didn't have the balls to do it .
A small boy swallowed some coins and was taken to a hospital . When his grandmother telephoned to ask how he was a nurse said'No change yet'.
OLD SWIMMERS never die , they just have a stroke .
The landscaper thought gardening magazines were fun to leaf through .
There's more than one way to skin a cat .
She was only a Bricklayer's daughter , but she was certainly stacked .
A boy saving up for a car has a lot of driving ambition .
Don't burn the candle at both ends .
My name is Dean A college chancellor
When I commented on a friend's psychedelic door he said , Don't Knock It .
There's no such thing as a free lunch .
" I'd like to buy a schwa , Pat . "
Virginity IS curable if detected early . . .
Practice what you preach .
The fish missed the call because he was stuck on the other line .
OLD CONTORTIONISTS never die , they just meet their end .
No bungee cords , but we encourage leaps of faith .
My friend came around for dinner . We ate for 20 minutes , then he fainted again .
My friend's bakery burned down last night . Now his business is toast .
I can do an excellent impression of Sinatra , said Tom , being perfectly frank .
The roulette dealer had a unique personality . He had a different spin on everything .
He was able to listen to his favorite radio show in the morning because he had an AM radio
She was only a Doctor's daughter , but she really knew how to operate .
Failure is the stepping stone for success .
Musicians need a leader because they don't know how to conduct themselves .
Women who seek to be equal to men lack ambition .
After the six campers were discovered missing from their tents the state police began to canvas the area .
No pain , no gain .
Jumping to conclusions is bad exercise
An accountant for a restaurant has to be sure the books are not cooked .
OLD MUFFLERS never die they just get exhausted .
If you’re looking for a sign from god , this is it .
OLD HIKERS never die , they just trail away .
People who make necklaces may get beady eyes .
A skier retired because he was going downhill .
There is no tree but bears some fruit .
Doctor , Doctor I feel like a pair of curtains - Well pull yourself together then . Next .
The gravity was so powerful , I couldn't stand it .
My name is Pat . I am a masseur
I can't remember ever getting nits as a kid , although I do have a lousy memory .
Dear Santa , all I want is your list of naughty girls .
I knew a woman who owned a taser , man was she stunning !
People only throw stones at trees with fruit on them .
The thought of having no alternative to soap never washed with the inventor of shower gel .
Did you hear about the man who was jabbed in the back with a set of keys ? His back locked up .
OLD INTERPRETERS (for the deaf) never die , they just sign off .
Fear the man of one book .
The dairy farmer while milking his cow strained his calf in the process .
He was a janitor in the restaurant . He did things under the table .
If you think guests really enjoy your home movies , you are probably projecting .
Just because pews come in rows doesn’t mean we should plant ourselves there
My father's father wanted to know if he could stay with the company in spite of the many changes . They ended up grandfathering him in .
Getting this job managing a country estate has put me off fried eggs . I'm a gamekeeper turned poacher .
I wanted to have dinner at a native American themed restaurant , but I didn't have reservations .
Why did the termites eat the wooden barrel ? To stave off hunger .
She was only a Rancher's daughter , but she couldn't keep her calves together .
The intelligent entrepreneur's idea for designing catapults meant that his boss was completely thrown .
Children are uncertain comforts but certain cares .
A boy told his parents he wanted to raise goats for a living , but he was only kidding .
A guy went to a costume party dressed as a knife , and he really looked sharp .
There are 2 kinds of people : pessimists and fools . . . .
It ain't over till the fat lady sings .
OLD SEAMSTRESSES never die , they just come to the point .
Tip : Never take a beer to a job interview .
Thieves who steal corn from a garden could be charged with stalking .
It wasn't my fault your wife wandered into my house !
Old school principals never die , they just lose their faculties .
A hole has been found in the nudist camp wall . The police are looking into it .
The boxer's girlfriend was a knockout .
A pirate with one hand often picked up the phone . He wanted to get off the hook .
After he bought a mirror he became very reflective .
Tagline dispenser temporarily out of order .
A dentist with a toothache could have a bad impact on his patients .
Plumbers often have to tap their natural abilities .
He threw snow in his neighbor's driveway and shouted , DO YOU GET MY DRIFT ?
Old colanders never die , they just can't take the strain anymore .
A prisoner's favorite punctuation mark is the period . It marks the end of his sentence .
The fence builders were upset with their working conditions , so the started to picket .
If your waiting for something to turn up , try your sleeves .
He stomped on his old watch because he had time to kill .
Those who make sponges get very absorbed in their work .
As confused as a baby at a topless bar .
OLD BOWLERS never die they just end up in the gutter .
Hell’s the pits
OLD ELECTRICIANS never die , they just can't make connections
When the butter melted , it was rendered useless .
Q : What do you call six blondes placed ear to ear ? A : A wind tunnel .
The airlines have become so cash - strapped , they charged me for my emotional baggage .
The cosmetic student was sick on the day of the final exam . Now she has to take a Make Up exam .
An apple a day keeps the doctor away .
Q : River Ravi flows in which state ? A : Liquid .
OLD NEWSPAPER PUBLISHERS never die , they just lose their circulation .
A leak in the back of a boat is a stern warning .
Hell is full . The damned are now in Tech Support .
A politician decided to resign on the day of an eclipse because it was a dark day .
When the beekeeper moved into town he created quite a buzz .
''This movie will be very popular ,'' Tom projected .
OLD POLICEMEN never die they just cop out .
I'd love to , but I'm observing National Apathy Week .
OLD HUMAN CANNONBALLS never die they just get fired .
OLD PHOTOGRAPHERS never die they just stop developing .
The best is cheapest .
Edison thought it would be an illuminating experience .
The best place for a mathematician is behind a counter .
I was struggling to figure out how lightning works then it struck me .
The man found something to catch fish , which was a net gain .
Quick at meat , quick at work .
She was only a Librarian's daughter , but she was checked out from cover to cover .
Basketball players are always bouncing ideas off each other .
Some business graphs are full of legend .
Tennis players don't marry because Love means Nothing to them .
John Hancock didn't retire , he just resigned .
I've planted part of a riding whip . I'm hoping for a nice crop .
' Coming ready or not ! ’ – Jesus .
The seed company turfed out my idea for ready made lawn .
I hate it when motorcyclists hog the road .
An old lady once asked the dispatcher of a local trucking company if they could ship an antique mirror to her sister in Toronto . The dispatcher says ,'I don't know madam , I'd have to look into it first'.
OLD TREE SURGEONS never die , they just pine away .
My mailman should be a comedian , his delivery is perfect !
Beggars can't be choosers .
If a judge loves the sound of his own voice , expect a long sentence .
Two monocles were making love in front of a window and made spectacles of themselves .
Whenever I go near my bank I get withdrawal symptoms .
For a chronically absent employee : It seemed her career was just taking off .
No Credit , Bad Credit ? No Problem . No Money ? Problem .
A rock band set up on the exchange floor . They wanted to play the stock market .
Back when the news was written on clay tablets there was a lot of breaking news .
When there's a sale on tennis balls it's first come first serve .
My job as head chef at a top rated restaurant is in jeopardy because my latest culinary creation was called a recipe for disaster .
She was always calling for her twins ,'' on the double .''
Strike while the iron is hot .
She was only a Flag - waver's daughter , but she'd let her standards down for anyone .
When the thief fell in the wet cement and broke both legs , he became a hardened criminal .
I was fired from my job selling amplifiers . I didn't achieve the sufficient volume of sales .
Did you hear about the compulsive fisherman ? He was really hooked on it .
Nothing succeeds like success .
If a job is worth doing , it is worth doing well .
Sign at a deer crossing : The Buck Stops Here .
The unveiling of the statue was a monumental occasion .
You won't often catch loggers or farmers going against the grain .
My name is Charity , a televangelist
It's hard for a depressed turtle to get out of his shell .
An apple farmer with poor yields has to get to the core of the problem .
As soon as the airplane was invented , things were looking up .
An astronomy column in the newspaper would have a lot of space devoted to it .
When the plane hit turbulence , the passengers went flying .
Gravity , it's always putting everyone down .
All are not friends who speak one fair .
My name is Mark . I price items at the supermarket .
A book is a friend .
Did you hear about that new drug that makes people angry ? It's all the rage now .
Honor your mother and father rather than major credit cards .
She memorized just what kind of locket she wanted , by heart .
He was a Red Cross donor until he went out of circulation .
Philosophy : unintelligible answers to insoluble problems
" A newspaper is a collection of half - injustices "
There is no such thing as bravery ; only degrees of fear .
Florida bumper sticker : DON'T SHOOT ! I'M LOCAL !
Keep your friends close , but your enemies closer .
A chain is only as strong as its weakest link .
She wanted to be a weaver but there were always too many snags .
Eve showed up one morning wearing flowers instead of a fig leaf . She was the first woman to wear bloomers .
The dermatologist was an avid gardener but he had a problem with moles .
A dog who played baseball always got walked .
Great beer bellies are made , not born .
Making gloves is a real hands - on experience .
Reason does not come before years .
If you breathe heavily on the map , it will reveal topography ,'he said , with a sigh of relief .
It is not what you say , it is the way you say it .
Alergy sufferers are itching to get through the hay fever season .
OLD AUTO MECHANICS never die , they just retire .
I still miss my ex - husband . But my aim is improving .
OLD WHEELS never die they just get retired .
The building inspector said whoever installed the water pipes was plumb loco .
Geology class is the foundation of a decent education .
It said " Insert disk # 3 " , but only 2 will fit !
She was only a Dentist's daughter , but everybody wanted to fill her cavity .
Sin enough and you will become dead to it .
Limit Congress to 2 terms : one in office , one in jail !
I walked past a gang of youths yesterday and one of them threw a piece of cheese at me , which hit me on the back of the head . I turned round and shouted ,'' That's not very mature !''
The state police highway officer worked tirelessly in the heavy rain to assist a lady whose car was stuck in a ditch . He was a real trooper .
Bitter pills may have blessed effects .
My coach got stung by a bee . The next day he had hives .
My friend asked me to carve a sculpture out of a large rock . It was the hardest thing I've ever had to make !
Old accountants never die , they just lose their balance .
They who would be young when they are old must be old when they are young .
During branding cowboys have sore calves .
The math professor liked even numbers , but only the odd one .
That new mystery novel has a killer start to it .
A fool with a tool is a well - equipped fool
I've been to the dentist several times so I know the drill .
I idiot - proof my programs , but along comes a bigger idiot .
A gardener who moved back to his home town rediscovered his roots .
Ampere was worried he wasn't up to current research .
She was only a Bottlemaker's daughter , but nothing could stop her .
Our country's olympic swimming program has quite a talent pool .
There was a guy who was fired from the orange juice factory for lack of concentration .
Cobblers children are worst shod .
Follow glory and it will flee , flee glory and it will follow thee .
She was only a Photographer's daughter , but she was really developed .
Two geologists were staring at a huge fissure in a cliff face and one was overheard to say'It's not my fault'.
When the electrican apprentice made mistakes , his mother grounded him .
Cats are smarter than dogs . . . You won't see eight cats pulling a sled .
VanDeGraaf charged his assistant to attend .
Harry and Clem the carpenters , argued mightily on how best to complete the dinette set they were working on . They finally agreed to table the discussion .
" Very funny , Scotty . Now beam up my clothes . "
A Crucifix ? Oy vey , have YOU got the wrong vampire . . .
His plan to manufacture pencils just didn't draw attention .
One night a banking tycoon fell overboard from his yacht . He was saved because he could float a loan .
" Happiness is a warm puppy , " said the anaconda .
Compatible : Blows up a little later than Incompatible
My friends and I played a game of football on a pile of quarry rock - we lost on aggregate .
Press any key to continue . . But my computer doesn't have an " any " key .
A boxer who wants to get married has the ring to worry about .
Inventors have their own devices .
Darwin said he'd have to see what evolved .
When the TV repairman got married the reception was excellent .
Pride comes before the fall .
OLD HOOKERS never die , they just get laid off .
Do NOT look into laser with remaining eye . .
Overheard in med school -'I learned about the colon through the process of elimination . '
He recommended the restaurant to me , and said he had no reservations .
Old carpenters never die , they just lumber around .
OLD GARAGEMEN never die , they just retire
Tony attempted to join his thin crust pizza company with Zimo's Thick Crust Pizza , but somehow it didn't pan out .
OLD SKIERS never die , but they go downhill fast .
I majored in nursing but I had to drop it because I ran out of milk .
Nothing ventured , nothing gained .
''My parents are called Billy and Nanny ,'' Tom kidded .
Tomorrow is another day .
When thy friend asks , let there be no to - morrow .
I once knew a guy who had fish and chips every day for a year . His stomach took a battering .
Pavlov was drooling at the thought .
Continually discovering new viruses can become a strain .
He studied water purification and had a great thirst for knowledge .
Those who play musical instruments for radio or TV have to stay tuned .
If you want enemies excel others , if you want friends let others excel you .
I met a girl at an internet cafe , but we didn't click .
A lovely lady who lost her watch became a timeless beauty .
Prison walls are never built to scale .
You don't shit where you eat .
I was heading to Hooters but my wife said'Don't bother , they have gone bust'.
A man tried working in a shoe store , but he just couldn't seem to fit in .
The calculus teacher tried to keep his students on task , but the class discussion kept going off on tangents .
I got a deal on a new computer , and they threw in the operating system to boot .
OLD UPHOLSTERERS never die , they just recover . .
A new batter joined the baseball team , and he was a real hit .
My name is Dick . I'm a plain - clothes policeman .
A belly button is for salt when you eat celery in bed .
A lie can be halfway around the world before the truth gets its boots on .
On being served an extravagant dessert :'' So rich , it has its own tax shelters .''
She was only a Musician's daughter , but she knew all the bars in town .
What a charming doorway ! said Tom , entranced .
My name is Rob . I'm a thief .
A baseball pitcher asked if he had a good curve ball , but wanted a straight answer .
The astronauts said their experience on the moon was out of this world .
A family went to watch a 007 movie at the theatre , it was a bonding experience .
After dating the goalie on the local team for a while , she realized he was a real keeper .
Wrestlers don't like to be put on hold .
The most expensive component is the one that breaks .
OLD INVESTORS never die they just roll over .
Could modern submarines be the wave of the future ?
The eye looks but it is the mind that sees .
OLD TRAIN ENGINEERS never die , they just get derailed .
An ounce of discretion is worth a pound of wit .
If there is no God , who pops up the next Kleenex ?
My name is Sherry . I'm a wine - master .
No news is good news .
You may use this opinion for a two week trial period .
She was only an Archer's daughter , but to all the men she was the target .
Deal gently with the bird you mean to catch .
The lawyer asked a loaded question about guns .
My name is Holly , I'm a holiday decorator
He told me he could eat a 32 ounce steak , but I found that hard to swallow .
The boy's guitar teacher helped him pick up his skills .
Why was the rabbit depressed ? He was just going through a bad patch !
Better the devil you know ( than the one you don't . )
OLD GROCERS never die , they just get shelved .
If a program is useful , it will have to be changed .
He was almost persuaded to invest in a poultry farm , but chickened out at the last minute .
" Well done " is better than " well said " .
Rule 1 : Don't sweat the small stuff . Rule 2 : Everything is small stuff
The portrait artist made extra money as a census taker . He was good at canvasing people .
Like cures like .
It's true that the earth rotates , but scientists are always putting their own spin on it .
There was a sign on the lawn at a drug re - hab center that said'Keep off the Grass'.
A husband is a lover who pushed his luck too far .
His model airplane hobby really took off .
The wish is father to the thought .
She was only a Bootleggers daughter , but I loved her still .
None but the brave deserve the fair .
Have you ever wondered why baseball players get girlfriends ? They're great at hitting it off .
He wanted desperately to be a good golfer - you could say he had a driving ambition .
It is the early bird that gets the worm .
If you walk along a railroad track you may soon feel run down .
Make the best of a bad bargain .
When the pirate captain's ship ran aground he couldn't fathom why .
Attention staff ! The clothes keep falling off the mannequins in ladies'wear . Would someone please redress the problem ?
Using deodorant is no sweat .
A lawyer was defending a math teacher . He had to sum up .
No man is born into this world , whose work is not born with him .
Heart surgeons never bypass a good opportunity .
If it screams , it's not food , yet . . . .
My name is Victor , and I'm a winner in everything I do .
My name is Faith . I'm a minister .
The state funeral remains to be seen .
Old gardeners never die they just vegetate .
People who make motor oil are very refined .
If you send a letter to the Philippines put it in a Manila envelope .
The play on fishing had quite a cast .
Never lie to your lawyer .
Did you hear about these new reversible jackets ? I'm excited to see how they turn out .
Do not merely believe in miracles , rely on them .
It has been discovered that sales of irons are decreasing .
It's not the minutes spent at the table that put on weight , it's the seconds .
He that will not when he may , when he will he may have nay .
An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure .
When he proposed to her , she found it very engaging .
Anyone who remembers the 60's . . . wasn't there .
When I asked the man how he became a ditch - digger , he said he just fell into it .
Anyone should know how to put a saddle on a horse so it won't slip and cause an injury . It's a cinch .
That's a cool chair . Yeah , I know , it rocks .
If you run through a screen door you'll strain yourself .
There is rarely a sale on beer because the demand is always high so there's no need to create a buzz .
Did the reproducing amoeba get a splitting headache ?
Since I've taken the job in The Everglades I've been swamped !
When talking nonsense try not to be serious .
To teach someone how to build a compass you have to be good at giving directions .
The farmer decided to get a cow , and milk the idea for all it was worth .
OLD GANGSTERS never die , they just go to the underworld . .
He who hogs the sheets is usually very wrapped up in himself .
The newspaper doesn't put in Politics what is Classified .
If there is a hypocrite between you and the church , he is closer to god than you .
All roads lead to Rome .
Can I tell you a story about my bed ? I made it up .
I was going to order a satellite dish but then I found out that I had to go through channels .
Galois wanted to assemble his own group .
My fear of planes has taken off .
The dentist's alibi was full of holes , so the police performed a cavity search .
I'm going to be discussing global warming next week , it's quite a heated topic .
He that would eat the kernel must crack the nut .
An artist with the military kept drawing enemy fire .
OLD VIOLINISTS never die , they just become unstrung .
He was hit on the head during a hail storm and was knocked out cold .
The car stopped with a jerk , then the jerk got out .
Good swimmers are often drowned .
OLD CARDIOLOGISTS never die , they are just repulsed . .
The safe was invented by a cop and a robber . It was quite a combination .
A woman cries before the wedding , a man after .
This building is so high , the elevator shows movies .
OLD TROMBONISTS never die , they just slide away . . .
The dance club opened to rave reviews .
She was only a Elevator operator's daughter , and she loved to go down .
The good is the enemy of the best .
We spent all day debating about housefires . It was quite a heated argument .
OLD STATUES never die they just get busted .
Students who accent their textbooks with color markers add a real highlight to their day .
Of COURSE I'm on topic . ( Which echo is this ? )
Pasteur was boiling about not being invited .
Trespassers will be shot , survivors will be shot again !
OLD JUDGES never die , they just slur their sentences
Have you heard the joke about the bomb ? It had no impact .
He got a job in a factory making needles , but soon got stuck .
Never put off till tomorrow what can be done today .
OLD SALESMEN never die , they just go out of commission .
OLD BANKERS never die they just lose interest .
The best things in life are free .
My name is Josh . I'm a talk show host
The one thing that is constant is Change especially if you are a cashier .
That really nice fellow works in a clothing factory sewing zippers on jeans . That is good . He wouldn't hurt a fly .
To plan a graveyard you need a skeleton idea before a detailed plan .
While the music was playing the geology teacher was rocking around .
Banning Viagra was a big flop .
You must not run after two hares at the same time .
The warden gave the inmates acne medicine hoping it would keep them from breaking out .
Plenty of people give the lord credit . Few give him cash .
Variety is the spice of life .
I really do have a photographic memory - - I just haven't developed it yet .
My other vehicle is a Galaxy Class Starship
Still water runs deep .
Doctor , Doctor , should I file my nails ? - No . Throw them away like everybody else . Next .
He's a good letter carrier . He always keeps you posted .
Footprints on the sands of time are not made by sitting down .
OLD LAWYERS never die they just lose their judgment .
After selling a shipment of salt the salesman said'let's shake on that . '
Someone who robs shoe stores is an arch criminal .
The doctor couldn't transfer the organs because he didn't have the guts to do it .
The valuable dog was still missing , believed stolen , however the police announced they have a lead .
OLD LIBRARIANS never die , they just check out .
Wal - Mart Is Not the Only Saving Place . Come On In .
Lightning never strikes twice in the same place .
An hobbituary to Tolkien appeared in each of the major newspapers , all had a familiar ring to them .
The passenger couldn't find where his next flight was , but then he made the connection .
Hmmm , fence must still be down over at the funny farm . . . .
When the branding iron was invented cattle were very impressed .
You always find something in the last place you look .
OLD CHEMISTS never die , they just stop reacting .
Yo mama's so easy , that Madonna get tips from her !
Why do people preserve fruits and vegetables ? Because they'can'.
He bought lots of pens before starting his new job . He wanted to make his mark .
In the room the curtains were drawn , but the rest of the furniture was real .
Males who wonder why they should have a prostate exam usually get it in the end .
They argued about their vacation and finally stayed at the last resort .
Eating too many snacks when studying for a test is called cramming .
OLD COURIERS never die , they just keep on expressing it !
She was only a Telephone operator's daughter , but she sure had good connections .
My name is Rusty . I undercoat cars .
We're lost but we're making good time .
''It's a German song ,'' Tom lied .
A teacher used his index finger to ask a lot of pointed questions .
Since Bruce got too close to the big blade at the saw mill he is no longer feeling chipper .
Opening a new funeral parlor can be quite an undertaking .
The oil well driller had a boring job .
If you got it , flaunt it .
The man who worked at the watch factory was very funny . He stood about all day making faces .
Grills are a hot item .
There was once a cross - eyed teacher who couldn't control his pupils .
A woodcutter's world revolves on his axes .
He has been a jogger for three years running .
Occasionally , I hear an assertion followed by a hasty qualification , such as ,'' Jim graduated in 1995 - - if memory serves .'' I'll respond :'. . . or only stands and waits .''
In certain sexual harassment cases things can get kind of touchy .
If fortune favours , beware of being exalted ; if fortune thunders , beware of being overwhelmed .
" Tea , Early Grey , hot " - Picard . . " Ale , Romulan , lots . " - Kirk
OLD BASKETBALL PLAYERS never die they just go on dribbling .
I've got to fix the automobile , said Tom mechanically .
Is there a best month of spring ? There May be .
A guy swallowed a spoon and found he couldn't stir .
Ducks don't have their palms read - they look for it on the web .
The boy swallowed a pillow , the hospital described his condition as comfortable .
I nailed my wood - shop test .
Captain we're at 1700 CPS . The UARTs canna take much more
Windows loading . Come back tomorrow .
OLD JUDGES never die , they just cease to try
What did the skeleton have for supper ? Ribs .
She was only a Swimmer's daughter , but she knew every dive in town . .
My name is Woody . A Forester
Fight fire with fire .
When they bought a water bed , the couple started to drift apart .
My name is Guy . I install antennas .
The hardest thing for a person to keep is his opinion
Can bankers count ? Eight windows and only four tellers ?
A young nurse was nervous about giving vaccinations but gave it her best shot .
If you tell a falsehood just after waking up you are lying in bed .
After that poisonous snake struck at me in the Arizona Desert I was really rattled .
He shined a police officer's shoes and had a brush with the law .
' Change the channel'she said remotely .
We have nothing to fear but fear itself .
Then there was the occasion I spotted a health - oriented cafe displaying a sign reading'' California Shakes .'' Obviously , I thought .
Of two evils choose the least .
The cost of the space program is astronomical .
911 : Press 1 if robbery . Press 2 if house on fire . Press 3 . . .
People who like yogurt are well cultured .
She played baseball and so did he . They hit it off .
A doorbell salesman joined the choir , and chimed right in .
He got measles in jail when he broke out one night .
A fisherman who was also a pianist was an expert with scales .
The melody kept on playing until it became a strain .
The two bowlers bore a striking resemblance .
Fire , quoth the fox , when he pissed on the ice .
Anarchists of the world , UNITE ! !
It was a sad day for the rattlesnake family , the time had come for the children to strike out on their own .
When I had my PlayStation stolen , my family were there to console me .
Okay , I pulled the pin . Now what ? Where are you going ?
Young women who are mathematics professors closely watch their figures .
He had trouble in his new job making tents and got himself into a flap .
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush .
Overdrawn ? No way ! I still have checks left !
Poor blood circulation runs through the family .
If a lawyer speaks for too long there will be an extended sentence .
Basic Flying Rule # 1 : Keep the pointy end forward .
He was a restaurant critic but had no taste .
All that glisters is not gold .
Wally wasn't sure in which branch of the Army he wanted to serve , but he gravitated toward the paratroops .
Power tends to corrupt ; absolute power corrupts absolutely .
I met a math professor who has 12 children - she really knows how to multiply .
Many words will not fill a bushel .
My new girlfriend and I are moving together into a tree house , I hope we won't fall out .
I used to be a banker but I lost interest
OLD PROCTOLOGISTS never die , they just face the end .
My dentist seems distracted , I think he was brushing me off .
We did it twice last night , she relayed .
She was only a Governor's daughter , but what a state she was in .
I never get lost , just momentarily disoriented .
On TV it's a maze of channels , luckily he had a guide .
Doctor , doctor , people tell me I'm a wheelbarrow . - Don't let people push you around . Next .
Never invest in funerals , it's a dying industry .
Hangmen always keep their customers in the loop .
Roentgen was radiating .
OLD BOXERS never die , they just punch out
Waiter , there's a fly in my soup !'' At our restaurant , we guarantee You won't find a single fly .'''' Whaddya mean ?'''' Because they're all married .''
You are now entering a School Free Drug Zone .
Sky divers don't jump , they just fall away .
OLD PLANETS never die , they just lose their attraction .
I wanted to make suits but I could never measure up .
My name is Will , I'm a lawyer .
''Here's your allowance for the next two weeks ,'' Tom advanced .
OLD CARD PLAYERS never die , they just shuffle off .
The earliest mention of cars is in the Bible when Adam and Eve were driven out of the Garden of Eden .
When a guillotine executioner is layed off he gets severance .
I like elevators they let me say jokes on every level .
OLD ALCOHOLICS never die , they just lose their spirit .
OLD TANNERS never die they just go into hiding .
Jenny was sure she was going to Heaven but she wouldn't harp on it .
A nuclear war can ruin your whole day . . .
In Ireland you're more likely to get a Pat answer .
You can't have an omelette unless you break the egg .
Give a dog a bad name and hang him .
Tires are fixed for a flat rate .
The heart sees farther than the head .
He was the most dishonest and cleverest card shark in the city , the police said he will be dealt with .
Old electricians never die , they just get discharged .
The trampoline was on sale for fifty per cent off . Needless to say I jumped on the offer .
I wanted to be a sonar technician , but it was out of my depth .
Peter went overboard for the lord , why can’t we .
Stop talking ! I'm out of aspirin !
Proofread carefully to see if you any words out .
The railway constructions are on track .
The truth shall set you free , or The truth will set you free .
Stamp out excessive postage prices .
My name is Art , I'm a museum curator .
He put so many blanks in his document that he started to feel spaced out .
I'm sorry Mrs . Bobbitt , you can't send that in the mail .
The mother kangaroo tried to instill good financial habits in her baby . She told him to pocket all his allowance .
Highways today are much better than they were many years ago and there are lots of concrete examples of it .
Monkey see , monkey do .
Don't get lost in the mist or else you won't have the foggiest idea where you are .
A former doctor , while auditioning for a play , broke his leg . But luckily , he could still make the cast .
Anything not nailed down is a cat toy .
Success is a journey not a destination .
Some jokes get dated , other jokes get married .
I've never tipped a cow . Then again , one has never served me food .
Have you heard about that online origami store ? It folded .
I'd love to change the world . . . if I can get the source code .
She was only an Attorney's daughter , but what a will to break .
Always smile . It makes people wonder what you're up to .
Kindness , like grain , increases by sowing .
He didn't want to volunteer for the rodeo but he got roped into it .
When he switched from horses to sailing , his life took on a new tack .
Do I straddle the fence on issues ? Well , yes and no . . . .
I wrote a novel about a fellow who had a small garden . It didn't have much of a plot .
Absence makes the heart grow fonder .
The queen told the prince that he was a royal pain .
Hell ! I thought I’d gotten away with it !
''I want a motorized bicycle ,'' Tom moped .
A friend cannot be known in prosperity nor an enemy be hidden in adversity .
A man given a watch at his retirement said'it's about time'.
Photographers are often very candid people .
Hell ! I thought it didn't matter what you believed as long as you were sincere !
A thousand dogs were stolen from a pet shop on Saturday . Police say they have no leads .
Shame take him that shame thinketh .
A good beginning makes a good ending .
Aliens can easily understand each other because their language is universal .
At first he was was a sprinter , but then he decided to run for office .
It is always darkest just before you turn on the lights .
If it looks like a duck , swims like a duck , and quacks like a duck , then it probably is a duck .
Doctor , Doctor My little boy has just swallowed a roll of film ! - Hmmmm . Let's hope nothing develops . Next .
I wondered why my geometry class was always tired . They were all out of shape .
We offer counsel so you are not audited on your final return .
A golden bit does not make the horse any better .
OLD BOOTLEGGERS never die , they just keep still .
We carry our greatest enemies within us .
To draw cartoons for a living requires someone who is very animated .
Bill Gates took advantage of his Windows of opportunity
I'm drawn to art .
OLD MATHEMATICIANS never die , they just lose some functions .
When you can't decide with your friends whose place to have a party at it's known as party politics .
Missionaries like open hooded cars because they are convertible .
The first time he put the horses on the carriage it went without a hitch .
Undertakers'Motto - Trust us . We are the very last ones to put you down .
We are overdressed when we are wrapped up in ourselves .
The inventor of sandpaper had a rough time of it .
Satan can’t bring you down any farther than your knees .
The inventor of the stove top was in his element .
Astronauts work in a nice atmosphere .
Well drilling is a deep subject .
My name is Candy . I'm a confectioner .
This is a picture of my new house , said Tom , visibly moved .
I'm buying a birthday present for a sculptor . Can you chip in ?
My cavity wasn't fixed by my regular dentist , but by a guy who was filling in .
OLD TYPISTS never die , they just lose their touch .
Installing a fan can be a breeze .
Skipping school to bungee jump will get you suspended .
Nature , time , and patience are three great physicians .
There is only one way to open the door and that is the key .
My other computer runs the Enterprise .
Engineers : often wrong , seldom in doubt .
OLD GRAVEDIGGERS never die , they just get buried in their work
When the shocked IRS agent was found guilty of tax evasion he had to take time to collect himself .
Don't let the perfect become the enemy of the good .
The rodent catcher was always trying to weasel his way out of work .
A hedge between keeps friends green .
When William joined the army he disliked the phrase'fire at will'.
When some coins fell into the batter it turned out to be a rich cake .
Fine words butter no parsnips .
When the shoe store owner discovered that someone had broken into his store , the police pumped him for information .
That's the seventh dip , Namaan said cleanly .
Don't take life seriously . . . it isn't permanent .
Two mathematicians arguing about even numbers were at odds .
The weather bureau is an umbrella organization .
OLD TELEPHONE OPERATORS never die , they just become disconnected .
A streaker was found dead this morning . Police say the details are quite revealing .
I strongly dislike the subject of math , however I am partial to fractions .
The builders of raceways believe that one good turn deserves another .
A computer program attached to an electric chair would have to have its execution checked carefully .
OLD GAMBLERS never die , they just get discarded .
My mate swallowed a cordless vacuum cleaner , they took him to hospital and he is picking up nicely .
My mom ran out of poultry seasoning so she winged it .
OLD CREDIT CARD USERS never die , they just expire .
The members of the oldest profession are not really lost women ; they are just mislaid .
A bowling team was called'lightning'because they had so many strikes .
A wife lasts as long as a marriage , an ex - wife for ever .
My name is Gene , I'm a DNA researcher .
Don't fall before you're pushed .
He had to learn what the measles was , from scratch .
My name is Lute . I'm a musician .
She had a boyfriend with a wooden leg , but broke it off .
One leftover said to another'foiled again . '
Underpaid weather forecasters predicted a storm of protest .
The painter was hospitalized due to too many strokes .
Trust your calculator . It's something to count on .
When asked by a passenger how high he would get , the pilot replied ,'I don't do drugs . '
The journalist went to Greece to see the ancient ruins and is now writing several columns about them .
The mortician was late for dinner because he was buried in his work .
OLD RABBIS never die , they just get grey around the temples .
When the janitor wanted to take up public speaking he always had the floor .
OLD GUITARISTS never die , they just become unstrung .
I before E except after C , huh ? Weird . . . . .
The date of the marathon was changed . She took it in stride .
Advice most needed is least heeded .
A cutlery manufacturing company was built at a fork in the road .
The man who fell into an upholstery machine is fully recovered .
( A ) bort , ( R ) etry , ( F ) ail , ( G ) rab _ Hammer
The longest mile is the last mile home .
People in the desert have dry humor .
A sign at a cemetery reads ,'No Trespassing , Violators Will Face Grave Charges'.
Where ignorance is bliss ,'tis folly to be wise .
Time and tide wait for no man .
Love me , love my dog .
For a long time , black holes were a dark secret .
She was only a Conductor's daughter , but she told you where to get off .
I'm not worthless . I can always serve as a bad example .
Forgive and forget .
Don't wash your dirty linen in public .
A burnt child dreads the fire .
Cooks have a lot of spice in their lives .
The defendant in a coffee theft trial refused to testify on the grounds that could incriminate him .
Dorothy's dog , of the Wizard of Oz fame , always eats his food entirely - he never leaves any scraps because it's in toto .
OLD LANDSCAPERS never die , they just get weeded out .
In medical school he worried about passing as a surgeon , but he made the cut .
A cat found a mysterious sweater , but the mystery was soon unravelled .
Notice in a field : The farmer allows walkers to cross the field for free , but the bull charges .
I didn't have the faintest idea as to why I passed out .
I used to work in a blanket factory but it folded .
Rental agents offer quarters for dollars .
The environmentalist rode his bike 20 miles in the morning and 20 more in the evening . He loved recycling .
. . . I multi - task , I read in the bathroom .
His qualifications as a math teacher didn't add up .
Enjoy the present day , trusting little to what tomorrow may bring .
There are sins of omission as well as of commission .
Deeds are fruits , words are but leaves .
Wade not in unknown waters .
I forget the dream , but I'm missing a pajama button . . .
She was only a Electrician's daughter , and she made house calls to remove her customers'shorts .
Yo mama's so ugly , she made an onion cry .
My name is Sherry . I work in a vineyard .
How could I trust the ceiling fan installer when I knew he was always screwing up .
Politics makes strange bedfellows .
A musician went to hospital after playing too many accidentals .
If you want a metal dog leash go to a chain store .
If they ever have a contest for the best looking mannequin , there will be stiff competition .
Set your drink on a skateboard , they make good coasters .
Hey , wake up ! It's time for your sleeping pills .
Procrastination is the thief of time .
A watched pot never boils .
OLD PHILOSOPHERS never die , they just retire to their own premises .
People who work at a mint make a lot of money .
I wanted to join my local rambling club , but the guy I spoke to on the phone just went on and on .
She was only a Porchclimber's daughter , but you should see her stoop
Have an optometrist run for president , because they are people of vision .
Go with the flow .
She was only a whisky maker but he loved her still .
When the beautician was asked to complete her make - up work she blushed .
As usual , the chief meteorologist blustered his way through the staff meeting .
As you sow , so you reap .
OLD BUTCHERS never die , they just get disjointed .
If you miss a class at beauty school you'll need a makeup session .
My name is Bud . I'm in flowers .
The musician in jail was anxiously awaiting his next release .
The man addicted to brake fluid said he could stop any time .
OLD WATCHMAKERS never die , they just wind down .
There's many a slip'twixt cup and lip .
OLD HACKERS never die , they just go to bits
''I've got to stop this motor ,'' Tom choked .
Reckless youth makes rueful age .
Do unto others as you would have them do unto you .
Even the best bird dog is only good to a point .
OLD HELICOPTER PILOTS never die , they just lose their choppers .
The cat took up computer lessons in hopes of mastering its grip on a mouse .
Packing up and relocating to a new home can be a moving experience .
Love is like war , Easy to start , Hard to end , Impossible to forget .
If you can't beat them , join them .
Pick Pockets 50 % Climb Walls 75 % Steal Tagline 99 %
The earless defendant waived his hearing .
A seminar on Time Travel will be held 2 weeks ago . . . .
Be careful what you wish for , you just might get it .
The hotel chef was noted for his tomfoolery and his capers .
Sea captains have a lot of latitude .
OLD LIBRARIANS never die , they just lose their circulation .
Scientists allow us to see the sun in a different light .
Proverbs run in pairs .
Dentists have the same old grind day after day .
The star asked the sun why the moon was always up so late . Sun responded that it was just a phase .
Erasable pens were a good idea on paper .
If you do research in optics you will have to do some light reading .
My name is Oscar , and I'm a movie star .
For fast relief take two tablets . The ten commandments
I could not pull out of my parking space , so I used my back up plan .
Where there are many chickens you can find layers of eggs .
A cow that is pampered too much will give spoiled milk .
When Irish boys carry their little brothers , they get a Pat on the back .
He died leaving 100 clocks . His son is winding up the estate .
He bought a donkey because he thought he might get a kick out of it .
The man who dies with the most toys is still dead .
OLD WATCHMAKERS never die , they just unwind .
Shit or get off the pot .
Did you hear about the pilot who always had work ? He was great at landing a job .
Do you have any parting words ? - How about comb and brush ?
Windows isn't crippleware : it's " Functionally Challenged "
Network management is like trying to herd cats . . .
Confidence is important ; the computer can sense fear .
Two banks with different rates have a conflict of interest .
When crazy glue was invented lots of people became attached to it .
It's a good horse that never stumbles .
There's no place like home .
By perseverance the snail reached the arc .
When the wheel was invented , it caused a revolution .
''It's twelve noon ,'' Tom chimed in .
The butcher backed up into the meat grinder and got a little behind in his work .
Beats me why anyone would want to be a masochist .
Long absent , soon forgotten .
OLD CARDIOLOGISTS never die , they just lose heart .
A friend is best found in adversity .
After he invented the light bulb , people saw Edison in a new light .
Don't try to reinvent the wheel .
Hell hath no fury like the lawyer of woman scorned !
OLD ELECTRICIANS never die , they just lose their spark .
The best way to stop a charging bull is to take away his credit card .
I wanted to exercise last night but it just didn't work out .
What's another word for Thesaurus ?
Some people with a lot of vision started the Blind Institute .
Everyone's fuming over the high cost of gas .
She told me the drink was non - alcoholic , but where was the proof ?
During a tennis match one player gave the other a backhanded compliment .
Time will tell .
He auditioned for a part as a trumpet player but he blew it .
Most males in a men's room are stand - up guys .
A girl and her boyfriend went to a party as a barcode . They were an item .
There was an eye doctor who wanted to re - locate but couldn't find a job because he didn't have enough contacts .
She was only a Fireman's daughter , but she's really going to blazes .
My name is Frank , the Hot - Dog vendor
Last week I was diagnosed with insomnia , and now I'm just so tired of it .
Musical composers can use lots of Note paper .
Small people are in short supply .
Burning too much incense in a rented room could make the owner incensed .
For a fish , the end of a barbed hook is the'' point'' of no return .
Drumming is not the way to catch a hare .
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day . Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime .
Two silk worms had a race . They ended up in a tie .
Semaphore was flagged away as a form of communication decades ago .
A will is a relative thing .
Home is where the heart is .
OLD BEEKEEPERS never die they just buzz off .
I'd tell you a joke about a cow but I always butcher it .
There's a new magnetic steam iron that makes your clothes attractive .
OLD CASHIERS never die , they just change .
The police auction was a complete bust .
Joan is as good as my lady in the dark .
The incontinent Scotsman had a wee accident .
Be reasonable . . . . . do it my way .
My dog has a lot of potential , you just have to unleash it .
To some - marriage is a word . . . to others - a sentence .
Confidence is the companion of success .
I'd love to , but I'm teaching my ferret to yodel .
A broken watch is right two times a day .
Don't play with matches . Lighters work much , much better .
Reward for a job well done : more work .
Years ago , changing TV channels from a sitting position was a remote possibility .
Horses eat best when they don't have a bit in their mouth .
I've passed the exam this time , Tom remarked .
Waiters are good at multiplication because they know their tables .
When he forgot to itemize what he wanted at the grocery store he felt quite listless .
Two can live as cheaply as one , for half as long .
I got a small ticket for speeding . It's fine with me .
Sharks don't eat lawyers . Professional courtesy .
I once had insomnia so bad I was awake until it dawned on me .
Surfing is a swell sport !
Some food for thought is only baloney
Stolen eggs are poached .
He does the work of 3 men . . . . Larry Moe & Curly .
Professional rock climbers , the only people paid to get high .
Good girls go to heaven . Bad girls go EVERYwhere .
I'm not lost , I'm " locationally challenged . "
When the doctor asked the editor how he was doing , he said he had a problem with his circulation .
Where there's muck there's brass .
I didn't understand the math , so the teacher summed it up for me .
When in Rome , do as the Romans do .
Many a mickle makes a muckle .
For a dishonest employee : He's an unbelievable worker .
I wanted to do some research on anorexia , so I went to the library to get the skinny .
When the spice ships used to bring goods to the king the captain was peppered with compliments .
OLD ORGANISTS never die , they just come to a stop .
The only similarity between ancient times and the 1970's is that both were full of people getting stoned .
A cat may look at a king .
What did the triangle say to the circle ? You're so pointless .
I'm taking this ship back into harbor , Tom reported .
They call me Pops . I sell soft drinks .
I tried wrapping Christmas presents , but I didn't have the gift .
''I love hot dogs ,'' said Tom with relish .
In the army mess hall , the men were getting fed up .
People who eat their apples stem and seed and all improve their core values .
I met this guy who said he loved children , then I found out he was on parole for it .
Piano players know what bar they are in .
Two clock makers argued and got ticked off .
Some people take beautiful pictures and cut them into pieces . That's a puzzle to me .
I found out that at the gym , their opinion on fitness carries a lot of weight .
Great minds agree .
OLD FIREFIGHTERS never die they just go to blazes .
When a new baby comes into a family , many changes are necessary .
The royal pharmacist wore a tuxedo and dispensed with formalities .
Never share a foxhole with anyone braver than you are .
A crazy programmer with a cold is a coughing hacker .
Eve taught us it’s okay to take a little ribbing
The only free cheese is in the mouse trap .
The astronomer became an actor because he always wanted to visit the stars .
Hasty judgment leads to repentance .
OLD GEOLOGISTS never die , they just have their faults
Take care of number one .
He's dead , Jim . Kick him if you don't believe me .
Meet me at the clothes line . That's where I hang out !
Life is what you make of it .
The inventor of shag carpet made a big pile .
I've always pictured myself taking selfies .
He would promise to play golf , but he didn't know how to follow through .
The artist was great . He could always draw a crowd .
He that steals an egg will steal an ox .
Glue inventors have to stick to it .
He made a slow start in the sport of weightlifting but he picked it up eventually .
The president of a ladder manufacturer had to step down .
Though thou hast ever so many counsellors , yet do not forsake the counsel of thy own soul .
Press any key to continue or any other key to quit
A boiled egg in the morning is hard to beat .
Banning the bra was a big flop .
The general started bowling before his aide had entered his name on the score sheet . He had launched a pre - emptive strike .
It is better to die on one's feet than live on one's knees .
Biscuits and speeches are better when made with shortening .
Biologists have recently produced immortal frogs by removing their vocal cords . They can't croak .
Digging a hole for a coffin is a grave matter .
When the CEO dropped his brownie on the calculator , was he trying to fudge the numbers ?
Noteworthy musicians are very composed .
Stereo speakers are made by'high volume'manufacturers .
Cats remind us that not everything in Nature has purpose .
A karate school restaurant served mainly chops .
You have an important role as a negative example .
For insomnia move to the edge of the bed and you'll soon drop off .
He tried to sell me glass with imperfections in it , but I saw through it .
Those who make balls of wool for a living like to come home and unwind .
I wondered why the baseball was getting bigger . Then it hit me .
The athlete colored her hair and started a winning streak .
A balding man and his hair are soon parted .
Oil executives are always using crude language .
Fear not the loss of the bell more than the loss of the steeple .
Your E - mail has been returned due to insufficient voltage
OLD VACUUM CLEANER SALESMEN never die , they just get sucked in !
When writing out drink recipes you have to have a first draft .
He worked in a chocolate factory , but always took his sweet time .
Did you hear about the crab in financial difficulty ? It was starting to feel the pinch .
A paid up computer is , by definition , obsolete .
Actions are usually right , but the reasons seldom are .
The enemy of my enemy , is my friend .
I made a really cheesy pun about quesadillas the other day .
The organizational get together for a company football team was called a kickoff meeting .
He lit the arrow head because he wanted to fire it .
''Don't add too much water ,'' said Tom with great concentration .
OLD CHAUFFEURS never die they just lose their drive .
Some people still think that writing long stories is a novel idea .
Come huddle with us before the big game
She swallowed a peach seed and could feel it in the pit of her stomach .
WORK HARDER ! . . . Millions on Welfare depend on YOU !
''I like modern painting ,'' said Tom abstractly .
Give him an inch and he'll take a yard .
The price of the big fan blew me away .
OLD HOUSEWIVES never die , they just wash away .
The Biomedical Engineer didn't have the heart to check the EKG machine .
My stuffing was bad , so I got some sage advice .
Morticians make you feel dead gorgeous .
The janitor's union called for sweeping reforms .
He folded and straightened the money because he wanted a tidy sum .
The boy had never played basketball before so he decided to give it a shot .
She was only an Apple - grower's daughter but the men said she was delicious .
Double your hard disk space : DELETE WINDOWS !
The hostage said he couldn't stay on the phone long because he was tied up at the moment .
Bring your spirtual Marshmellows , our pastor is on fire !
Give credit where credit is due .
I tried to look up impotence on the Internet but nothing came up .
The agreeable tennis umpire was generous to a fault .
This tagline no verb .
''I like ragged margins ,'' said Tom without justification .
Don't open the darkroom door ; it lets all the dark out .
Old photographers never die , they're just out of the picture for a while .
Arguments about the weather will eventually blow over .
''I don't work here on a regular basis ,'' said Tom casually .
OLD FROGS never die , but they do croak .
What are you taking pictures of ? Tom snapped .
Endorsement by an olympic swimmer caused a company's profits to dive .
The cannibal passed his brother in the woods .
Freud could barely repress his excitement .
My word is final ! Tom dictated to his secretary .
It's no wonder that some baseball players have lots of money - often even many of the bases are loaded .
Good police officers never miss a beat .
To save money for the company he cut all the electricity . They were soon in the black .
I try wearing tight jeans , but I can never pull it off .
At first I hated my haircut , but now it's growing on me .
What did the minister say to the underdressed layman ?'' No shoes , no shirt , no service''
A sports match was attended by many scores .
You can't milk a bull .
It's not the money I want , it's the stuff .
Your very last breath will be a fatal blow .
A true friend does sometime venture to be offensive .
I'll corroborate that again , Tom reproved .
Why yes , I - do - work for a unit of the Illuminati .
I had an appointment with the chiropractor , but I backed out .
When the baby bird penned his first novel he was just a fledgling author .
Artificial knees and elbows were developed during a joint project .
I always believed my body was a prison for me . I was right , in biology I learnt they were made of cells .
Sow thin , shear thin .
I used to hate maths but then I realised decimals have a point .
OLD BASEBALLS never die they just get pitched .
The baseball pitcher's retirement was at the end of a wonderful ERA .
The boy who got electrocuted was unable to give a statement because he was still shocked at the incident .
She got fired from the hot dog stand for putting her hair in a bun .
The case against a donut thief was full of holes .
Sheesh ! You start havin'fun , and they send the lawyers !
He that can have patience can have what he will .
The duck said to the bartender ,'put it on my bill . '
While having a hard time water - skiing , the boy commented ,'This is such a drag . '
When the artist tried to draw a cube he had a mental block .
When the air conditioning failed in the indoor stadium there was a fan protest .
OLD WOOL COATS never die , they just become mothballed .
The runaway beer truck barrelled down the freeway after its driver was mugged .
All true wisdom is found on T - shirts . - - And in taglines .
If it's too good to be true , then it probably is .
Gauss was asked to attend because of his magnetic personality .
A group of physicists is called a nucleus .
Why do we have training bras ? What can we teach them ?
A book called'Current Trends in Wiring your House'turned out to be a shocking failure .
False friends are worse than open enemies .
Mason - Dixon Line n . Separates y'all from youse guys
Last night sex was so good the neighbors lit cigarettes .
Manners maketh the man .
A word spoken is past recalling .
You have the right to remain silent . . . . USE IT !
Fools and their money become popular quickly .
The apple never falls far from the tree .
A hangman will always keep you in the loop .
We're all sitting in the same boat : I fish , you row .
''I find you guilty ,'' said the judge with conviction .
OLD YACHTSMEN never die , they just keel over .
She was only a Lighthouse keeper's daughter , but she never went out at night
Admiration is the daughter of ignorance .
You are confused ; but this is your normal state .
Live by the sword , die by the sword .
User : The hardest - to - setup PC peripheral you can buy .
''I will now demonstrate how to dissect a sheep ,'' delivered Tom .
You have to fill out many government forms because there are many forms of government .
Bush says " No new taxes ! " , Clinton says , " No , NEW taxes ! "
The fertiliser business is a growing industry .
Poverty is the reward of idleness .
OLD SHEET ROCKERS (dry wallers) never die , they just hang around .
I tried to learn how to drive a stick shift but couldn't locate the manual .
Took an hour to bury the cat . Silly thing kept moving . . .
When poker players have to fold they feel a bit discarded .
I went to a buffet dinner with my neighbor , who is a taxidermist . After such a big meal , I was stuffed .
Those who iron clothes have a lot of pressing demands .
I think a job as a shoe salesmen would be your best fit .
I kept failing to get a job as a butcher because I couldn't just make the cut .
To many girls the word'marriage'has a nice ring to it .
A pair of loud twins were stereo speakers .
To be a mountain climber one needs to be in peak condition .
A bible falling apart belongs to someone who isn’t .
If you work in a tire factory you have to get rolling every morning .
The trumpeter blew it while auditioning for the symphony .
An idea is not responsible for fools who believe in it .
When a ladder was stolen from a store the manager said that further steps would be taken .
A high scoring football game can be very offensive .
She was only a Vacuum salesman's daughter , but she knew how to suck !
Every rose has its thorn .
If you have need of a locksmith he will be your key man .
Plough deep while sluggards sleep , and you will have corn to sell and keep .
Massage therapists need a touch of style .
He's not dead , he's electroencephalographically challenged
Politicians get onto the merry - go - round and then put a spin on it .
For a chemist disappointed in an experiment the reaction was on his face .
I was looking for watch batteries but I wound up at a clock shop .
Vertical living is flat dwelling .
Waiter , my bill please . - How did you find your luncheon , sir ? - With a magnifying glass .
A lot of kneeling will keep you in good standing
I just finished reading Newton's Principia Mathematica , and found much of it to be rather derivative .
''I'm burning aromatic substances ,'' said Tom , incensed .
Upon discovering her children playing with matches their mother was flaming mad .
Canadian DOS prompt : EH ? \ >
Squirt guns don't soak people , People soak people .
The duke and the count had a fight . The duke was down for the count .
I thought about studying astronomy for university but I knew I would just be taking up space .
He sold candy and chocolate . A lot of girls were sweet on him .
I went to an invisible fairground but didn't think it was very good . I just couldn't see the attraction .
One of the joys of being a lightweight is that commuting by wind is a breeze !
My buddy asked me to look after his pet goose while he was away . I told him I wasn't down with that .
OLD PROGRAMMERS never die , they just move to new addresses .
A speaker at the firearms convention had to rifle through his notes .
Good clothes open all doors .
Watson and Crick did the twist all night .
A blow with a word strikes deeper than a blow with a sword .
Tires cost 100 bucks a pop .
OLD CHEMISTS never die , they just fail to react .
Where do pancakes live ? In a flat .
When I asked if I could get insurance if the nearby volcano erupted they assured me I would be covered .
Retired teachers are classless .
For want of a nail the shoe is lost , for want of a shoe the horse is lost , for want of a horse the rider is lost .
She was only a Janitor's daughter , and she was often swept off her feet .
OLD DENTISTS never die , they just lose their pull .
Lumber companies have many board meetings .
Due to inclement weather , the sandwich shop wrapped up early Tuesday night .
Sometimes a pencil sharpener is needed in order to make a good point .
Never draw fire , it irritates everyone around you .
My name is Rich , A successful investment banker .
A photographer taking pictures of golfers says'watch the birdie'.
A dog gave birth to puppies near the road and was ticketed for littering .
Those who work on reducing auto emissions go home exhausted .
They bought a home on a cliff because they liked to live on the edge .
Old quarterbacks never die , they just pass away .
Those who make magnets can be quite attractive .
Better is the enemy of good .
OLD NUMBER THEORISTS never die , they just get past their prime .
The groundskeeper at a large cemetery was important because he had 5000 people under him .
How come wrong numbers are never busy ? ? ?
There is a growing body of obesity research .
I tinted my hair today . It was the highlight of my day .
Stealing someone's coffee is called'mugging'.
A doctor drank while putting on patients'casts . He was soon plastered .
That's the third time my teacher changed my grade , Tom remarked .
I am kicking myself I did not take up karate earlier .
Why do archers shoot arrows ? Could it be they are trying to get a point across ?
Oh what a tangled web we weave . On the Internet .
Everyone talks about the weather , but nobody does anything about it .
OLD BUS DRIVERS never die , they just take a turn for the worse .
I gave in when my wife hounded me about getting a puppy .
Being a fire - fighter ignited my interest heavily .
If it ain't broke , let me have a shot at it .
Age and treachery can always overcome youth and skill .
A boiled egg is hard to beat .
It's never too late to mend .
When Wally discovered he had Lyme disease he was really ticked off .
Avogadro expected a large number to attend .
I used to have a life , now I have a modem .
During the meeting about earthquakes , there were several motions .
Those who make sinks often feel washed out .
My name is Cookie , I'm a baker .
2 Rules for Success : Rule # 1 : Never reveal everything you know .
OLD PROCTOLOGISTS never die , they just butt out .
He sat in the magician's audience dressed as a cactus . He was a plant .
OLD WASHING MACHINE OPERATORS never die , they just keep agitating .
I didn't know which hammer to get , but I think I nailed it .
Love can be a touchy subject .
Grasp all , lose all .
It was the first time she'd seen a live sponge on display , and she really soaked it in .
A music store owner has to have sound business practices .
The first guy to mass produce candies made a mint .
Old presidents never die they just keep going through their cabinets .
When they claimed to house two thousand campers , it sounded like a lot of bunk .
He'd never gone hunting but decided to give it a shot .
Stewardess trainee : " Where does THIS door gooooooooooooo . . . . "
Volta was electrified .
Dwarf on a giant's shoulder sees farther of the two .
I'm very picky about my hair , so a strange barber just won't cut it .
Some people go into martial arts just for kicks .
A reporter was at an ice cream store getting the scoop .
I'm NOT stubborn ! You can't convince me otherwise ! !
Sometimes our Outlook in Life is sent but not received .
Weather forecasters thinking is sometimes clouded .
Did you hear about the farmer who got attacked by a cow ? He milked it for all it was worth .
OLD BOOKKEEPERS never die they just lose their figures .
Who do you have to sleep with to get service around here ?
Building a cul - de - sac would be a bit of a dead - end job .
They said he drank 2 bottles of whisky a day , but it wasn't true . He had to scotch those rumours right away .
Teacher : In this box , I have a 10 - foot snake . Sammy : You can't fool me , Teacher . . . snakes don't have feet .
A good friend never offends .
The rabbi became a professional golfer because he was good at making the cut .
Swimming instructors are always getting immersed in their work .
they stand best who kneel most
''It's an actual parameter , not a formal parameter ,'' was Tom's argument .
For greeting card companies their fate is in the cards .
A summer is a mathematician .
My name is Mike . I'm an announcer
Misspelled ? Impossible . My modem is error correcting .
A dry cleaners had a dozen suits in court .
Violinists are often fiddling around .
Armadillo : A mouse built to government specs .
If at first you don't succeed , try , try again .
So , how's the flower business going ? Oh , it's blossoming quite nicely .
Objects in taglines are closer than they appear .
Working for the IRS is a hard job because it is so taxing .
A heavy drinker of hard liquor appears to be in high spirits .
Real estate agents believe in doing good deeds .
Securities are the cause of many people's insecurities .
Some thinkle peep I'm under the affluence of inkohol . . .
When the Dalmatian ran away , he was spotted two blocks from home .
My name is Rusty , I'm an iron worker .
My student was late for class , claiming he was in the washroom . I think he was stalling .
We should make a beer commercial . It sounds simply intoxicating .
I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous .
She was only a Insurance broker's daughter , but all the guys liked her policy .
She was only a Bookbinder's daughter , but she knew her way between the sheets .
OLD ACTUARIES never die they just get broken down by age and sex .
I love to eat eggs at the crack of dawn .
Did you hear about the tire dealer that had a blowout sale ?
''This wind is awful ,'' blustered Tom .
My new theory on inertia doesn't seem to be gaining momentum .
''I won't buy a circuit breaker ,'' Tom refused .
A professor without a pointer may find that his lecture is pointless .
This is where I keep my arrows , said Tom , quivering .
Objects under T - Shirt are larger than they appear .
He realized he'd made the major leagues when it finally hit him .
Joe refused to eat sushi because it looks fishy .
I know a rancher who has 100 head of cattle , but he thought there were only 99 until he rounded them up .
History is a set of lies agreed upon by the Victors
Set a herring to catch a whale .
Leonardo Da Vinci could use a paint brush to make a stroke of genius .
A jelly truck and a biscuit truck collided yesterday - police are a trifle concerned .
It seems like it's always Patsy's fault .
Sure I can climb cliffs ! Tom bluffed .
Marriage is hard but divorce usually goes off without a hitch .
Those who want to paint polka - dots have to find a good spot .
Misery loves company .
Why are all businessmen fat ? Must be all the inflation .
Iron was discovered because someone smelt it .
He was trying to sell me new windows , but his motivations were transparent .
Despite the high cost of living , it remains popular .
OLD ELECTRICIANS never die , they just lose their resistance .
A small boy went to the counter to pay for his lunch but he was a little short .
It's OK to watch an elephant bathe as they usually have their trunks on .
Only the good die young .
My name is Dusty , I run a cleaning service .
If you jump to conclusions , you make terrible landings .
If a clock had legs , time would run out .
He always called his girlfriend his'luck'. Until he decided to push his luck .
53 . 7 % of all statistics are totally incorrect
The All - Pro wide receiver's wedding was a little bit shaky , but his reception was excellent .
Audubon said he'd have to wing it .
She said she had nothing to wear . I smiled .
OLD SCULPTORS never die they just lose their marbles .
His day job was astronomy but at night time he was moonlighting .
My name is Cliff . I'm a mountaineer .
A church welcomed all denominations but preferred tens and twenties .
If you give some managers an inch they think they're a ruler .
OLD WRITERS never die , they just get erased .
Prevention is better than cure .
OLD FORESTERS never die , they just pine away .
Whenever the nurses have a bad day they just keep needling people .
He became a sky diver out of the blue .
Memories of you remind me of you .
My friend lives by a cliff he's always telling me to drop over .
He hates his job selling used cars , but it's just his lot in life .
To hell with criticism . Praise is good enough for me .
A racehorse's life is always on track .
I couldn't decide whether or not to make spiced apple cider , so I mulled it over .
MilliHelen : Amount of beauty needed to launch one ship .
I can't recall the last time I did any running , but I've been jogging my memory .
People in medieval days were always hanging out by the gallows .
The failure of the third largest manufacturer of baby's toys was enough to rattle the entire industry .
Neil Simon's only unsuccessful play : Chapter 11 .
The Transformer always had a lot of quarters with him . He was a big fan of change .
A butcher was trying so hard to be funny , but he just wasn't making the cut .
OLD CASHIERS never die they just check out .
LSD : Virtual Reality without all the fancy hardware
At seven foot six he was a great basketball player and everyone looked up to him .
Bowling Alley : Please be quiet . We need to hear a pin drop .
The weigh - in at the Sumo wrestling tournament was a large scale effort .
The forecaster was away because he was under the weather .
The cobbler's wife is the worst shod .
A train load of paint derailed . Nearby businesses were put in the red .
I'd love to , but my patent is pending .
Carrying coals to Newcastle .
It was a lucky car . Until he had to push his luck .
An elephant's opinion carries a lot of weight .
Sign on a music store window :'Come in and pick out a drum - - then beat it ! '
My daughter's studying natural medicine and I'm rooting for her .
I went to the theatre , it looked a bit suspicious . I reckon the whole thing was staged .
Men talk only to conceal the mind .
He put bug spray on his watch to get rid of the ticks .
The movie about the mobile home was advertised with a trailer .
Officer Jones takes his yearly bath every June . He is a characteristic example of a dirty cop .
Life’s a ledger , are we giving a good accounting of ourselves
Employers like their mechanics to be geared up .
Home improvement . Take your family to church .
OLD GUNS never die they just get loaded .
Let me know right away if you don't get this message .
Computers make very fast , very efficient mistakes .
Marconi was not wired up about going .
Two duchesses were arguing about their husbands . They decided to duke it out .
In an empty head , you can hear forever . . . .
Pick your friends , but not to pieces
A rising tide lifts all boats .
OLD SOCCER PLAYERS never die , they just go on dribbling .
After he carried a gun in his car the engine was soon shot .
He who is not with me is against me .
OLD PROFESSORS never die , they just lose their class .
WinError # 01 : Unable to figure out own code . System crashed .
I can't really see myself without eyes .
The inventor of the fahrenheit scale solved the problem by degrees .
If you don't know how to choose music ask a guitarist - they know how to pick .
I bought a metronome for 20 bucks . You can't beat that price .
My comb is invaluable - I can't part with it .
Reality is not only stranger than we imagine , it is stranger than we can imagine .
A city worker who campaigned for new sewer pipes finally had to go underground .
She told a long story about a coil of rope , and then left us all hanging .
When the tornado went through town it was quite a blow .
The correct formula for concrete is worthwhile to cement in your mind .
Sushi : known to the rest of the world as'Bait '
Henry perfected the Ford down to a T .
Those who choose not to eat , slowly get hungry - - and Fast .
The guitarist passed out on stage , he must have rocked himself to sleep .
Those who live by the sword . . . kill those who don't .
A penny saved is a Congressional oversight .
OLD HOCKEY PLAYERS never die , they just achieve their final goal .
Shock me , say something intelligent !
The two inventors of the radio were on the same wavelength .
For the orthodontist visit , the boy had to brace himself .
Decimals have a point .
Police can do a search if it's Warranted .
Archimedes set out to invent a water pump and screwed it up .
OLD SOCCER PLAYERS never die , they just achieve their final goal .
There was a sale at the fish market today . I went to see what was the catch .
All's well that ends well .
You often hear of a good wine through the grapevine .
My name is Ira . I'm an investment advisor .
He was selling palm trees , but people thought it was a shady deal .
Why don't people like to talk to garbage men ? They mostly talk trash .
I usually take steps to avoid elevators .
Once again , Odo wins the Twister championship .
Birds of a feather flock together .
Everything is worth its price .
My name is Iris . I'm an optometrist
Workers in an upholstery business demanded a wage hike to cushion the high cost of living .
Many things are lost for want of asking .
A bird in the hand is better than one overhead !
I can SPELL , I just can't TYPE worth a hoot !
How do you know if you run out of invisible ink ?
My name is Nick . I was a barber but I'm looking for a new job .
Don't marry for money ; you can borrow it cheaper .
If it's useless , it will have to be documented .
The guy who sold his carnival got a Fair deal .
Winning isn't everything , it's the only thing .
When the human cannonball was late for work he got fired .
Take the will for the deed .
OLD PAINTERS never die they just get plastered .
We must take the bad with the good .
I'm NOT unemployed . . . . . I'm a consultant .
My name is Carol . I sing during the holidays .
Always trust a glue salesman . They tend to stick to their word .
Archimedes was buoyant at the thought .
Two airline pilots in a stand - up comedy did a takeoff .
There is no greater torment than to be alone in paradise .
A friend told me he dug a hole in my backyard and filled it with water . I thought he meant well .
My name is Teddy , I'm in lingerie
Gardeners like to spring into action .
Should we tell the children when we move ?
Acrobats are always doing good turns .
''I invested in a hi - tech startup ,'' Tom ventured .
Love is not finding someone to live with ; it's finding someone whom you can't live without .
Don't bark if you can't bite .
Patients usually feel better after receiving hand transplants .
We'll burn that bridge when we come to it .
Derringer had one shot at fame .
Exxon - greasing the coastline for smoother boating !
If you don't pay your exorcist you get repossessed .
Have an adequate day .
He's dead Jim . Grab his tricorder . I'll get his wallet .
Those who like sport fishing can really get hooked .
If you have to pay to go to the river , we'd better stop at the bank .
You have to give credit to people who work in stores during a holiday - and many people do .
The 4 major food groups : fast , frozen , junk , & spoiled .
Becoming a yoga instructor offers the possibilities of a unique teaching position .
It is not wise to open old wounds .
Humpty Dumpty had a great fall - and a pretty good spring and summer , too .
The remedy is worse than the disease .
The place that made rubber balls almost went bankrupt , but they bounced back .
The surest steps to happiness are the steps to church .
Soon after he joined the band , the guitarist was instrumental .
OLD GEOGRAPHERS never die , they just become legends .
Are giraffes good pets or are they too high maintenance ?
The man who worked in the gum factory fell in a vat of bubblegum . His boss had to chew him out .
She was only a Watchman's daughter , but any time suited her .
Weather forecasters have to have lots of degrees .
" And we had to chisel taglines into the walls of the cave . . . . "
OLD SANITATION MEN never die , they just waste away
To become an electrician you have to pass a battery of tests .
Choose a wife rather by your ear than your eye .
Never test for an error you don't know how to handle .
OLD MUSICIANS never die they just get played out .
If you burn the candle on both ends , you’re not as bright as you think .
A student limped into class with a lame excuse .